
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                  211340000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  52235                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34204708                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   103286                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     0.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              381859355                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                       28895                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                         57159                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.000211                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   211340000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                              6467                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                       28895                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                         57159                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        6062                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            24                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                        6696                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                       38675                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            72                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                           211340                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               211339.999000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads                33817                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes               17659                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts         4919                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2696                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2696                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3386                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 955                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1056                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.001000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                 55918                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                        55918                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads              108969                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes              42903                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        6057                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                         12753                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                       6696                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   417      0.73%      0.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                     43028     75.27%     76.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.05%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.04%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      25      0.04%     76.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        2      0.00%     76.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      274      0.48%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       12      0.02%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      216      0.38%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     388      0.68%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     5847     10.23%     87.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                    5168      9.04%     96.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 210      0.37%     97.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1528      2.67%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                      57165                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    54                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           45                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          125                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           45                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            170                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data          492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          1333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          841                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data          492                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         1333                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51456000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     29181000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total     80637000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51456000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     29181000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total     80637000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         1503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data          537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         1503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.870600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.916201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.886893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.870600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.916201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.886893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61184.304400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59310.975610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60492.873218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61184.304400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59310.975610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60492.873218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks            8                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total                8                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         1333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         1333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49774000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     28197000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77971000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49774000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     28197000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77971000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.870600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.916201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.886893                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.870600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.916201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.886893                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59184.304400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57310.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58492.873218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59184.304400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57310.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58492.873218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   215                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           45                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         1333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51456000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     29181000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80637000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data          537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         1503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.870600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.916201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.886893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61184.304400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59310.975610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60492.873218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49774000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     28197000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77971000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.870600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.916201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.886893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59184.304400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57310.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58492.873218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks          151                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total          151                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks          151                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          151                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    211340000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          653.727271                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1654                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1347                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.227914                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.967635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   367.688953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   282.070683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.089768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.068865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.159601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          485                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          620                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.276367                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses             3001                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses            3001                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    211340000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            37617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total                37617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           37617                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total               37617                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1058                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1058                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69582000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     69582000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69582000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     69582000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        38675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total            38675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        38675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total           38675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65767.485822                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65767.485822                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65767.485822                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65767.485822                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67466000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67466000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67466000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67466000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027356                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027356                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027356                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027356                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63767.485822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63767.485822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63767.485822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63767.485822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        804                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           37617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total               37617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69582000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     69582000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        38675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total           38675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.027356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65767.485822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65767.485822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67466000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67466000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027356                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027356                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63767.485822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63767.485822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    211340000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               197.351623                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   38675                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1058                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 36.554820                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   197.351623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.770905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.770905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          207                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses                 39733                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses                39733                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    211340000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                1333                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1333                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            8                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         2674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         2674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   2674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        85824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        85824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   85824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             1373000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            7109750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    211340000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           53824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           31488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total               85312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        53824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          53824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total              512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              841                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data              492                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 1333                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          254679663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          148992145                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              403671808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     254679663                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         254679663                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         2422637                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               2422637                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         2422637                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         254679663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         148992145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             406094445                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         8.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       841.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples       489.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000575000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 2721                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         1333                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       1333                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                 77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                 95                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                 48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                 77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 86                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                 58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11                28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13                36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15                98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        2.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      11295000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                     6650000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 36232500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8492.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27242.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                       983                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   1333                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     8                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     1329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          344                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     246.325581                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    158.908987                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    264.853089                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           128     37.21%     37.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          102     29.65%     66.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           50     14.53%     81.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           13      3.78%     85.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639            9      2.62%     87.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            8      2.33%     90.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           11      3.20%     93.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      2.33%     95.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           15      4.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           344                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                   85120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                    85312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                   512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        402.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     403.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       2.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          3.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      3.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                      211237000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      157522.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        53824                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        31296                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 254679663.102110356092                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 148083656.666982114315                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          841                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data          492                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            8                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     23425750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     12806750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27854.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26029.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy                849660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy                444015                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy              3341520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      16595280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy          80036550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy          13755360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy           115022385                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         544.252792                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     35084750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      7020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    169235250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               1627920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy                861465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy              6154680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      16595280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy          90633990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy           4831200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy           120704535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         571.139089                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     11763500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      7020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    192556500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    211340000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    211340000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    211340000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            12102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total                12102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12102                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total               12102                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data            650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total                650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data           650                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total               650                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     40102000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     40102000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     40102000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     40102000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        12752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total            12752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        12752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total           12752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.050972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.050972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.050972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.050972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61695.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61695.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61695.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61695.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks             265                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                   265                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     38802000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38802000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     38802000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38802000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.050972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.050972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59695.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59695.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59695.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59695.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                        399                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            5784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                5784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14255000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14255000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            6062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.045859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51276.978417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51276.978417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13699000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13699000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49276.978417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49276.978417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           6318                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               6318                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data          372                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total              372                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     25847000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25847000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6690                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           6690                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055605                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.055605                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69481.182796                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69481.182796                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          372                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          372                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     25103000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25103000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055605                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055605                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67481.182796                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67481.182796                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    211340000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               186.912809                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                   12752                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                   650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 19.618462                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   186.912809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.730128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.730128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                 13402                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses                13402                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    211340000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    211340000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    211340000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             92                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            113                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                205                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              1503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          966                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          537                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             1503                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62332000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     35178000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total     97510000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62332000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     35178000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total     97510000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            1708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data          650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           1708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.826154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.879977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.826154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.879977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64525.879917                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65508.379888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64876.912841                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64525.879917                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65508.379888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64876.912841                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks            151                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                  151                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60400000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     34104000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94504000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60400000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     34104000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94504000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.826154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879977                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.826154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879977                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62525.879917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63508.379888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62876.912841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62525.879917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63508.379888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62876.912841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      1176                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          537                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             1503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62332000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     35178000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97510000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data          650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total           1708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.826154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.879977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64525.879917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65508.379888                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64876.912841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60400000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     34104000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94504000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.826154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62525.879917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63508.379888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62876.912841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks          265                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total          265                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks          265                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          265                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    211340000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              380.640461                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                   1973                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 1672                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.180024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    42.623091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   210.033643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   127.983728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.083248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.410222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.249968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.743438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          338                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.968750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                 3645                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses                3645                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    211340000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1708                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                1708                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           265                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1565                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         2116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                    3681                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        67712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   126272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             5290000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy              3033000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy             3250000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    211340000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    211340000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    211340000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    211340000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
