
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4824651000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  96954                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34314972                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   174947                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    10.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              467756103                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1804475                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004825                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4824651000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            205593                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1804475                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      210775                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           104                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      156157                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           132                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1332480                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1110                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4824640                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4824640                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1099309                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              688280                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       162376                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  25985                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         25985                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                33304                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               10256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       26893                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1784264                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1784264                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3577239                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1465055                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      210660                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        366815                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     156155                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 10803      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1398688     77.51%     78.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1046      0.06%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     17600      0.98%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     477      0.03%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        8      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     2091      0.12%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     1832      0.10%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    5173      0.29%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      3      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   208987     11.58%     91.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  142260      7.88%     99.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                1673      0.09%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              13895      0.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1804536                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    44                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        28800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         6524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           35324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        28800                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6524                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          35324                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3026                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3936                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6962                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    183324000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    233254000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    416578000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    183324000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    233254000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    416578000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        31826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        42286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        31826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        42286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.095079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.376291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.164641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.095079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.376291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.164641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60582.947786                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59261.686992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59835.966676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60582.947786                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59261.686992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59835.966676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           38                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               38                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    177272000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    225382000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    402654000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    177272000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    225382000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    402654000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.095079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.376291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.095079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.376291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58582.947786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57261.686992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57835.966676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58582.947786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57261.686992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57835.966676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   151                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        28800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         6524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          35324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6962                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    183324000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    233254000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    416578000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        31826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        42286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.095079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.376291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.164641                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60582.947786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59261.686992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59835.966676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    177272000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    225382000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    402654000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.095079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.376291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58582.947786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57261.686992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57835.966676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7570                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7570                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7570                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7570                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4824651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3958.548957                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                985                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              151                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             6.523179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.506434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1590.259971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2365.782552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.024265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.036099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.060403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6844                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          821                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6004                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.104431                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            56851                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           56851                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4824651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1290556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1290556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1290556                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1290556                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          41924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              41924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         41924                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             41924                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    934874000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    934874000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    934874000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    934874000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1332480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1332480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22299.255796                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22299.255796                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22299.255796                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22299.255796                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         41924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    851028000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    851028000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    851028000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    851028000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20299.303502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20299.303502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20299.303502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20299.303502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      41667                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1290556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1290556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         41924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             41924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    934874000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    934874000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1332480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.031463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22299.255796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22299.255796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    851028000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    851028000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20299.303502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20299.303502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4824651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               250.780134                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1322210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 41667                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 31.732786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.780134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.979610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.979610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1374403                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1374403                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4824651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6962                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6962                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           38                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        13962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        13962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  13962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       448000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       448000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  448000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7152000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           37106500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4824651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          193664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          251904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              445568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       193664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         193664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         2432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             2432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3026                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6962                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            38                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  38                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           40140520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           52211859                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               92352379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      40140520                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          40140520                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          504078                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                504078                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          504078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          40140520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          52211859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              92856457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        27.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3026.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3935.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000578500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                15198                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6962                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          38                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6962                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        38                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     11                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        8.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      54025500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    34805000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                184544250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7761.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26511.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4957                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  71.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6962                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    38                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     222.307385                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    142.736867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    256.357607                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           825     41.17%     41.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          658     32.83%     74.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          187      9.33%     83.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           86      4.29%     87.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           56      2.79%     90.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           37      1.85%     92.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           25      1.25%     93.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           15      0.75%     94.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          115      5.74%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  445504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   445568                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  2432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         92.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      92.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4810999000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      687285.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       193664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       251840                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 40140520.008597515523                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 52198594.261014938354                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3026                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3936                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           38                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     82440250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    102104000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27243.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25941.06                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     70.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               7332780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3897465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             23804760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      380462160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1125962040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         904487520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2445946725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         506.968634                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2340292000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    160940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2323419000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               6975780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3707715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             25896780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      380462160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1019005530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         994556160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2430604125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         503.788590                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2575440250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    160940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2088270750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4824651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4824651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4824651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           349620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               349620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          350169                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              350169                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          16420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              16420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         16702                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             16702                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    497728000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    497728000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    517942000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    517942000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       366040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           366040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       366871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          366871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.044858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.045526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30312.302071                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30312.302071                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31010.777152                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31010.777152                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9112                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9112                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         16420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    464888000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    464888000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    484538000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    484538000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28312.302071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28312.302071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29010.777152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29010.777152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      16446                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          198908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              198908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         11036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             11036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    222637000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    222637000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       209944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          209944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.052566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20173.704241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20173.704241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    200565000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200565000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18173.704241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18173.704241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         150712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             150712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    275091000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    275091000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       156096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         156096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034492                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.034492                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51094.167905                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51094.167905                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264323000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    264323000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034492                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034492                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49094.167905                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49094.167905                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           549                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               549                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     20214000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     20214000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          831                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           831                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.339350                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.339350                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71680.851064                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71680.851064                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19650000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19650000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.339350                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339350                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69680.851064                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69680.851064                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4824651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.796873                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  359411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 16446                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 21.854007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.796873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                383573                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               383573                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4824651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4824651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4824651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           10097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          10097                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6242                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16339                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         31827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             42287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            42287                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    591010000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    361362000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    952372000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    591010000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    361362000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    952372000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           58626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          58626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.721301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.721301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18569.453609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34547.036329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22521.626032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18569.453609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34547.036329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22521.626032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7570                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7570                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        42287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    527358000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    340442000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    867800000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    527358000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    340442000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    867800000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16569.516448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32547.036329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20521.673328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16569.516448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32547.036329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20521.673328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     47472                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          10097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            42287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    591010000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    361362000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    952372000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          58626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.721301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18569.453609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34547.036329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22521.626032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    527358000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    340442000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    867800000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16569.516448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32547.036329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20521.673328                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4824651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.469826                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  66860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                47472                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.408409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    96.655082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   227.842937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   181.971807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.188779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.445006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.355414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.989199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               115722                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              115722                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4824651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                58626                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               58625                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9112                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        83847                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  126363                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1652096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2683072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4335168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           209615000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            104186000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            83510000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4824651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4824651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4824651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4824651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 9689521000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  94670                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34346176                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   173141                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    21.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              458647951                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3657819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.009690                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  9689521000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            427740                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3657819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      452187                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           393                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      313257                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           174                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2688069                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          3982                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          9689510                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    9689510                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2221688                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1331575                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       334624                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  41741                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         41741                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                52406                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               16118                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       55155                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3625523                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3625523                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7204384                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2941682                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      452058                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        765311                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     313253                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 16604      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2835621     77.52%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2469      0.07%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     23291      0.64%     78.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     843      0.02%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       10      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     2949      0.08%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2506      0.07%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    8257      0.23%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      4      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   3      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  22      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  3      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   449316     12.28%     91.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  290137      7.93%     99.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2742      0.07%     99.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              23116      0.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3657894                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    69                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        63855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        18479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           82334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        63855                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        18479                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          82334                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         5187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         10047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5187                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4860                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        10047                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    312549000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    286952000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    599501000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    312549000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    286952000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    599501000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        92381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        92381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.075128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.208235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.108756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.075128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.208235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.108756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60256.217467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59043.621399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59669.652633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60256.217467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59043.621399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59669.652633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          234                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              234                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        10047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        10047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    302175000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    277232000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    579407000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    302175000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    277232000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    579407000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.075128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.208235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.075128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.208235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58256.217467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57043.621399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57669.652633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58256.217467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57043.621399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57669.652633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   824                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        63855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        18479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          82334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        10047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    312549000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    286952000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    599501000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        92381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.075128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.208235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.108756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60256.217467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59043.621399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59669.652633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    302175000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    277232000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    579407000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.075128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.208235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58256.217467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57043.621399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57669.652633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15888                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15888                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15888                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15888                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9689521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6112.167336                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              11840                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              824                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            14.368932                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     5.626394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2813.194723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3293.346219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.042926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.050252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.093264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         9341                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          207                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8966                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.142532                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           118434                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          118434                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9689521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2599370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2599370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2599370                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2599370                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          88699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              88699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         88699                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             88699                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1912474000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1912474000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1912474000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1912474000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2688069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2688069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2688069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2688069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.032997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.032997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21561.393026                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21561.393026                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21561.393026                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21561.393026                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         88699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        88699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1735076000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1735076000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1735076000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1735076000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19561.393026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19561.393026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19561.393026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19561.393026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      88443                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2599370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2599370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         88699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             88699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1912474000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1912474000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2688069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2688069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21561.393026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21561.393026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        88699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1735076000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1735076000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19561.393026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19561.393026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9689521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.400900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2665841                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 88443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 30.141911                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.400900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.989847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2776768                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2776768                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9689521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10047                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10047                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          234                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        20328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        20328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  20328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       657984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       657984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  657984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11217000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           53520000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9689521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          331968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          311040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              643008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       331968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         331968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        14976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            14976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5187                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4860                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10047                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           234                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 234                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           34260517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           32100658                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               66361175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      34260517                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          34260517                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1545587                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1545587                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1545587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          34260517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          32100658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              67906762                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       209.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5187.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4822.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004376272250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            11                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            11                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                22736                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 182                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10047                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         234                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10047                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       234                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      38                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     25                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       16.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      77375000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    50045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                265043750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7730.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26480.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7181                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      169                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  71.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10047                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   234                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    10006                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2850                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     228.783158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    146.981582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    257.290062                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1148     40.28%     40.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          900     31.58%     71.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          296     10.39%     82.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          128      4.49%     86.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           93      3.26%     90.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           59      2.07%     92.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           45      1.58%     93.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           27      0.95%     94.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          154      5.40%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2850                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           11                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      908.545455                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     236.925838                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    2090.678663                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255              8     72.73%     72.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      9.09%     81.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      9.09%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      9.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             11                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           11                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.545455                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.527314                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.820200                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 2     18.18%     18.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      9.09%     27.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 8     72.73%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             11                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  640576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2432                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    12352                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   643008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 14976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         66.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      66.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     9689397000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      942456.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       331968                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       308608                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        12352                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 34260517.109153278172                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 31849665.220809161663                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1274779.217672370141                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5187                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4860                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          234                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    139653000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    125390750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 151546453000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26923.66                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25800.57                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 647634414.53                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     71.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              11024160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5859480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             37656360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              736020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      764612160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1740317160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2255245920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4815451260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         496.975161                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5845477250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    323440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3520603750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9339120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4956270                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             33807900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              271440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      764612160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1457618820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2493307680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4763913390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         491.656233                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6467211000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    323440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2898870000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9689521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9689521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9689521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           726172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               726172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          727499                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              727499                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          37349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              37349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         37870                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             37870                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    914701000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    914701000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    939124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    939124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       763521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           763521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       765369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          765369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.048917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.049479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24490.642320                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24490.642320                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24798.626881                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24798.626881                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           19247                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 19247                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    840003000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    840003000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    863386000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    863386000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22490.642320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22490.642320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22798.679694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22798.679694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      37613                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          423005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              423005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         27334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             27334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    516156000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    516156000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       450339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          450339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.060696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.060696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18883.295529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18883.295529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    461488000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    461488000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.060696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16883.295529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16883.295529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         303167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             303167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10015                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10015                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    398545000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    398545000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       313182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         313182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39794.807788                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39794.807788                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    378515000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    378515000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031978                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031978                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37794.807788                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37794.807788                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1327                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1327                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          521                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             521                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     24423000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     24423000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1848                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1848                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.281926                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.281926                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46877.159309                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46877.159309                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          521                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     23383000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23383000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.281926                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281926                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44880.998081                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44880.998081                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9689521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.903009                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  751421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 37613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 19.977694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.903009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                803238                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               803238                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9689521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9689521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9689521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           19657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           14530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               34187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          19657                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          14530                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              34187                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         69042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         23340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             92382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            92382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1199721000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    580639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1780360000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1199721000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    580639000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1780360000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          126569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         126569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.729894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.729894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17376.683758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24877.420737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19271.719599                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17376.683758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24877.420737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19271.719599                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          15888                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                15888                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1061637000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    533961000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1595598000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1061637000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    533961000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1595598000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.729894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.729894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15376.683758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22877.506427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17271.741248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15376.683758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22877.506427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17271.741248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    104383                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          19657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          14530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              34187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            92382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1199721000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    580639000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1780360000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         126569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.729894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17376.683758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24877.420737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19271.719599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1061637000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    533961000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1595598000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.729894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15376.683758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22877.506427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17271.741248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9689521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.246390                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 145145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               104383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.390504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    78.701114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   285.801631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   144.743646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.153713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.558206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.282702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          272                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               250711                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              250711                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9689521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               126569                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              126568                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         19247                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        94986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       177398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  272384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3655424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5676736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9332160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           443495000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            222804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           189345000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9689521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9689521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9689521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   9689521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                14504268000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  98148                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34346964                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   180938                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    30.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              474466232                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000312                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5531203                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.014504                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14504268000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            652474                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000312                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5531203                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      694975                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           643                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      472532                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           243                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4048872                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          6061                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         14504257                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   14504257                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3363537                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1972769                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       509050                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  63234                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         63234                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                79565                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               25875                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       82521                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5483861                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5483861                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10862383                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4428448                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      694692                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1167218                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     472526                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 22861      0.41%      0.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4286929     77.50%     77.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4149      0.08%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     27900      0.50%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1335      0.02%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4636      0.08%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     3786      0.07%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   12406      0.22%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   6      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  44      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   2      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  6      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   689977     12.47%     91.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  438523      7.93%     99.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4715      0.09%     99.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              34003      0.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5531303                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    91                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst       100759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        27539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          128298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst       100759                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        27539                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         128298                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         5536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         11954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5536                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6418                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        11954                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    334969000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    376464000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    711433000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    334969000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    376464000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    711433000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       140252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       140252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.052081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.189004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.085232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.052081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.189004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.085232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60507.406069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58657.525709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59514.221181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60507.406069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58657.525709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59514.221181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          453                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              453                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        11954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5536                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6418                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        11954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    323897000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363628000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    687525000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    323897000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363628000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    687525000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.052081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.189004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.052081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.189004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58507.406069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56657.525709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57514.221181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58507.406069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56657.525709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57514.221181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1521                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst       100759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        27539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         128298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5536                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        11954                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    334969000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    376464000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    711433000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       140252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.052081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.189004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60507.406069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58657.525709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59514.221181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    323897000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363628000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    687525000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.052081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.189004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58507.406069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56657.525709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57514.221181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23037                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23037                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23037                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23037                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14504268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7471.282365                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              18103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            11.902038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     7.863149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  3437.326830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4026.092387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.052449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.061433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.114003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        10620                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.162048                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           175430                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          175430                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14504268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3910054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3910054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3910054                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3910054                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         138818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             138818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        138818                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            138818                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2837037000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2837037000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2837037000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2837037000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4048872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4048872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4048872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4048872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.034286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.034286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20437.097495                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20437.097495                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20437.097495                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20437.097495                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        138818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       138818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2559401000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2559401000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2559401000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2559401000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18437.097495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18437.097495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18437.097495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18437.097495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     138562                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3910054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3910054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        138818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            138818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2837037000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2837037000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4048872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4048872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20437.097495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20437.097495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       138818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2559401000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2559401000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18437.097495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18437.097495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14504268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.263681                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4021670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                138562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 29.024336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.263681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4187690                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4187690                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14504268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               11954                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              11954                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          453                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        24361                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        24361                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  24361                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       794048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       794048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  794048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            14219000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           63636500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14504268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          354304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          410752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              765056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       354304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         354304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        28992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            28992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5536                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6418                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                11954                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           453                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 453                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           24427568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           28319388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               52746957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      24427568                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          24427568                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1998860                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1998860                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1998860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          24427568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          28319388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              54745817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       415.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5536.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6367.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004376272250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            22                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            22                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                27975                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 361                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        11954                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         453                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      11954                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       453                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      51                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     38                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       19.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      90412000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    59515000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                313593250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7595.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26345.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8631                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      316                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  72.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 76.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  11954                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   453                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    11900                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3339                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     235.490866                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    148.727555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    267.813953                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1344     40.25%     40.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1047     31.36%     71.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          328      9.82%     81.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          145      4.34%     85.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          111      3.32%     89.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           69      2.07%     91.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           51      1.53%     92.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           39      1.17%     93.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          205      6.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3339                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           22                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      539.500000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     193.182938                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1492.150087                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255             18     81.82%     81.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      9.09%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      4.55%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      4.55%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             22                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           22                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.409091                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.385752                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.908116                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 6     27.27%     27.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      4.55%     31.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                15     68.18%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             22                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  761792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     3264                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    24512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   765056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 28992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         52.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.69                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      52.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       2.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14460945000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1165547.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       354304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       407488                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        24512                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 24427568.492253452539                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 28094351.262676611543                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1689985.320182997035                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5536                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6418                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          453                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    150431000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    163162250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 257330748000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27173.23                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25422.60                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 568059046.36                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     72.63                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              12887700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6849975                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             44546460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1132740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1144459680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2160652260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3750142560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7120671375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         490.936280                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9727094500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    484120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4293053500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              10952760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5821530                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             40440960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              866520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1144459680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1812257430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4043527680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7058326560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         486.637903                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10493664750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    484120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3526483250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14504268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14504268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14504268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1109066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1109066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1111492                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1111492                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          55029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              55029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         55915                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             55915                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1301544000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1301544000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1338990000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1338990000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1164095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1164095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1167407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1167407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.047272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.047897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23651.965327                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23651.965327                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23946.883663                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23946.883663                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           27853                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 27853                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         55029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1191488000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1191488000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1227162000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1227162000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21652.001672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21652.001672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21946.919431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21946.919431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      55658                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          651285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              651285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         40378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             40378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    743766000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    743766000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       691663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          691663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.058378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.058378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18420.080242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18420.080242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        40378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    663012000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    663012000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.058378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16420.129774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16420.129774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         457781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             457781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        14651                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            14651                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    557778000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    557778000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       472432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         472432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38070.984916                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38070.984916                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    528476000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    528476000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36070.984916                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36070.984916                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          2426                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              2426                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          886                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             886                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     37446000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     37446000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3312                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3312                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.267512                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.267512                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42264.108352                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42264.108352                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          886                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          886                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     35674000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35674000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.267512                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.267512                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40264.108352                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40264.108352                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14504268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.267159                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1134987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 55658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 20.392163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.267159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1223321                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1223321                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14504268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14504268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14504268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           32523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           21957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               54480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          32523                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          21957                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              54480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        106295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         33958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            140253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           140253                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1705732000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    805069000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2510801000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1705732000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    805069000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2510801000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          194733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         194733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.720232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.720232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16047.151795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23707.786089                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17901.941491                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16047.151795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23707.786089                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17901.941491                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          23037                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                23037                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       140253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       140253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1493142000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    737155000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2230297000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1493142000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    737155000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2230297000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14047.151795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21707.844985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15901.955751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14047.151795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21707.844985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15901.955751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    158152                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          32523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          21957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              54480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           140253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1705732000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    805069000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2510801000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         194733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.720232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16047.151795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23707.786089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17901.941491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       140253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1493142000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    737155000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2230297000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14047.151795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21707.844985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15901.955751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14504268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.160461                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 220306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               158152                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.393002                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    73.276448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   297.604031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   139.279982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.143118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.581258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.272031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          283                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               381250                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              381250                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14504268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               194733                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              194732                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         27853                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       139682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       277636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  417318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5361088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8884352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 14245440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           694090000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            333998000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           279570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14504268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14504268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14504268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  14504268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18943901000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 100855                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34348536                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   188565                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    39.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              477632439                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000096                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7478885                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018944                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18943901000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            895174                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000096                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7478885                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      932171                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           700                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      613141                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           268                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5407298                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          6266                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18943890                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18943890                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4637673                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2620888                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       700581                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  94269                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         94269                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               128788                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               49951                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      108986                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7403487                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7403487                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14592446                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5968992                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      931093                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1544223                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     613130                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30375      0.41%      0.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5827176     77.91%     78.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5114      0.07%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     29856      0.40%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2403      0.03%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    10184      0.14%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        6      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7628      0.10%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   21938      0.29%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   9      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  48      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   3      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  8      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   923109     12.34%     91.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  574224      7.68%     99.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                7984      0.11%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              38906      0.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7478996                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   113                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst       127400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        33920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          161320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst       127400                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        33920                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         161320                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         6056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         13400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6056                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7344                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        13400                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    367736000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    429330000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    797066000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    367736000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    429330000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    797066000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       133456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        41264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       174720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       133456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        41264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       174720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.045378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.177976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.076694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.045378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.177976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.076694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60722.589168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58459.967320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59482.537313                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60722.589168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58459.967320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59482.537313                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          703                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              703                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        13400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        13400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    355624000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    414642000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    770266000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    355624000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    414642000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    770266000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.045378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.177976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.045378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.177976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58722.589168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56459.967320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57482.537313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58722.589168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56459.967320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57482.537313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2495                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst       127400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        33920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         161320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        13400                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    367736000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    429330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    797066000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       133456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        41264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       174720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.045378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.177976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.076694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60722.589168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58459.967320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59482.537313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    355624000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    414642000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    770266000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.045378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.177976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58722.589168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56459.967320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57482.537313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        28401                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        28401                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        28401                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        28401                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18943901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         8259.699330                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              29340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            11.759519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    11.053494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  3685.287331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4563.358505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.056233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.069631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.126033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        11244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          702                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         8345                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.171570                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           216860                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          216860                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18943901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5229902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5229902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5229902                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5229902                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         177396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             177396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        177396                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            177396                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3557383000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3557383000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3557383000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3557383000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5407298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5407298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5407298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5407298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.032807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.032807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20053.343931                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20053.343931                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20053.343931                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20053.343931                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       177396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        177396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       177396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       177396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3202593000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3202593000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3202593000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3202593000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18053.355205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18053.355205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18053.355205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18053.355205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     177139                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5229902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5229902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        177396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            177396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3557383000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3557383000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5407298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5407298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20053.343931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20053.343931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       177396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       177396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3202593000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3202593000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18053.355205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18053.355205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18943901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.670599                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5387690                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                177139                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 30.415041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.670599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5584693                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5584693                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18943901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               13400                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              13400                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          703                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        27503                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        27503                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  27503                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       902592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       902592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  902592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            16915000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           71314000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18943901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          387584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          470016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              857600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       387584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         387584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        44992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            44992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                13400                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           703                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 703                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           20459566                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           24810940                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               45270507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      20459566                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          20459566                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         2375012                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               2375012                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         2375012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          20459566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          24810940                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              47645519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       583.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6056.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7269.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006095654500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            32                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            32                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                32204                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 521                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        13400                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         703                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      13400                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       703                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      75                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    120                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       20.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     101457000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    66625000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                351300750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7614.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26364.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9685                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      457                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  72.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  13400                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   703                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    13322                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3736                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     237.738758                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    148.866372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    271.726503                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1526     40.85%     40.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1142     30.57%     71.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          361      9.66%     81.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          165      4.42%     85.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          121      3.24%     88.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           80      2.14%     90.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           57      1.53%     92.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           42      1.12%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          242      6.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3736                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      414.687500                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     143.229944                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1245.377658                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255             25     78.12%     78.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            5     15.62%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      3.12%     96.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      3.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           32                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.281250                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.254926                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.958304                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                11     34.38%     34.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      3.12%     37.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                20     62.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             32                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  852800                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     4800                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    35392                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   857600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 44992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         45.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      45.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       2.38                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18898302000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1340020.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       387584                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       465216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        35392                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 20459566.379701837897                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 24557560.768502749503                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1868253.006600910798                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7344                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          703                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    165854250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    185446500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 365638803000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27386.77                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25251.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 520112095.31                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     72.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              14686980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7806315                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             49701540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1884420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1494804480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2574817110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5106191040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9249891885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         488.278095                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13248096750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    632320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5063484250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              11988060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6371805                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             45438960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1002240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1494804480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2044433820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5552829600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9156868965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         483.367653                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14415007750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    632320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3896573250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18943901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18943901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18943901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1473193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1473193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1476327                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1476327                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          67817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              67817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         68874                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             68874                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1570229000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1570229000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1614038000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1614038000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1541010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1541010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1545201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1545201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.044008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.044573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23153.914210                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23153.914210                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23434.648779                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23434.648779                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           34464                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 34464                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        67817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         67817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        68874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1434595000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1434595000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1476290000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1476290000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21153.914210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21153.914210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21434.648779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21434.648779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      68618                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          877747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              877747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         50232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             50232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    926094000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    926094000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       927979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          927979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.054131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18436.335404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18436.335404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        50232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    825630000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    825630000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16436.335404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16436.335404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         595446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             595446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        17585                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            17585                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    644135000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    644135000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       613031                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         613031                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028685                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.028685                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36629.798123                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36629.798123                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17585                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        17585                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    608965000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    608965000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028685                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028685                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34629.798123                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34629.798123                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3134                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3134                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1057                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1057                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     43809000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     43809000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4191                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          4191                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.252207                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.252207                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41446.546831                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41446.546831                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1057                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1057                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     41695000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41695000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.252207                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252207                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39446.546831                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39446.546831                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18943901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.438905                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1528843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 68618                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 22.280495                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.438905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1614075                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1614075                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18943901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18943901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18943901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           43939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           27610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               71549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          43939                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          27610                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              71549                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        133457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         41264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            174721                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       133457                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        41264                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           174721                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2090552000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    951074000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3041626000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2090552000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    951074000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3041626000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       177396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        68874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          246270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       177396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        68874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         246270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.709469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.709469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15664.611073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23048.516867                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17408.474082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15664.611073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23048.516867                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17408.474082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          28401                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                28401                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       133457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       174721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       133457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       174721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1823640000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    868546000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2692186000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1823640000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    868546000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2692186000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13664.626059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21048.516867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15408.485528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13664.626059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21048.516867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15408.485528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    197029                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          43939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          27610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              71549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       133457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        41264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           174721                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2090552000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    951074000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3041626000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       177396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        68874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         246270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.709469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15664.611073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23048.516867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17408.474082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       133457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       174721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1823640000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    868546000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2692186000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13664.626059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21048.516867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15408.485528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        34464                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        34464                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        34464                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34464                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18943901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.591570                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 279587                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               197029                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.419014                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    71.613858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   294.439204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   144.538509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.139871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.575077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.282302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          241                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               478275                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              478275                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18943901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               246270                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              246269                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         34464                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       172212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       354791                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  527003                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6613632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     11353280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 17966912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           886975000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            418590000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           344370000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18943901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18943901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18943901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18943901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                20654493000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 102894                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34350368                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   192747                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    42.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              481994233                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4409219                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8259635                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.020654                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 20654493000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            995236                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4409219                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8259635                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1029930                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           913                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      667569                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           277                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5954392                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          6374                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         20654493                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               20654492.999000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5173389                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2898335                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       784540                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  95533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         95533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               130714                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               50915                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      118252                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.001000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8181191                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8181191                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            16071377                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6593484                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1028847                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1696400                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     667553                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 32134      0.39%      0.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6452674     78.12%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5174      0.06%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     30198      0.37%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2413      0.03%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    10564      0.13%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        6      0.00%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7860      0.10%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   22230      0.27%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   9      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  48      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   3      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  8      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1020611     12.36%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  628569      7.61%     99.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                8236      0.10%     99.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              38984      0.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8259746                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   165                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst       133064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          173023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst       133064                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         173023                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         6345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         13873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6345                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7528                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        13873                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    385688000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    439613000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    825301000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    385688000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    439613000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    825301000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       186896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       186896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.045514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.158528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.074228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.045514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.158528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.074228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60786.130812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58397.051010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59489.728249                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60786.130812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58397.051010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59489.728249                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          791                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              791                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        13873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        13873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    372998000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    424557000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    797555000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    372998000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    424557000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    797555000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.045514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.158528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.045514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.158528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58786.130812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56397.051010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57489.728249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58786.130812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56397.051010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57489.728249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2784                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst       133064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         173023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        13873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    385688000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    439613000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    825301000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       186896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.045514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.158528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.074228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60786.130812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58397.051010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59489.728249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    372998000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    424557000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    797555000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.045514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.158528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58786.130812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56397.051010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57489.728249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        32033                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        32033                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        32033                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        32033                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20654493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         8512.696843                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             218929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            14233                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            15.381789                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    11.943219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  3757.692151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4743.061472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.057338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.072373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.129893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        11449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         9005                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.174698                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           233162                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          233162                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20654493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5768778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5768778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5768778                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5768778                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         185614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             185614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        185614                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            185614                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3722229000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3722229000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3722229000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3722229000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5954392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5954392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5954392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5954392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20053.600483                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20053.600483                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20053.600483                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20053.600483                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       185614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        185614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       185614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       185614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3351001000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3351001000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3351001000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3351001000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18053.600483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18053.600483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18053.600483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18053.600483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     185358                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5768778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5768778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        185614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            185614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3722229000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3722229000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5954392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5954392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.031173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20053.600483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20053.600483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       185614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       185614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3351001000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3351001000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18053.600483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18053.600483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20654493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.780700                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5954392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                185614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.079434                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.780700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6140006                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6140006                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20654493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               13873                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              13873                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          791                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        28537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        28537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  28537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       938496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       938496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  938496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            17828000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           73843000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20654493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          406080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          481792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              887872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       406080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         406080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        50624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            50624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7528                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                13873                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           791                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 791                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           19660613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           23326256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               42986870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      19660613                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          19660613                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         2450992                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               2450992                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         2450992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          19660613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          23326256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              45437862                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       671.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6345.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7430.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006095654500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            37                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            37                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                33630                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 602                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        13873                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         791                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      13873                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       791                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      98                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    120                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                92                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       20.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     105711500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    68875000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                363992750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7674.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26424.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9943                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      522                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  72.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 77.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  13873                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   791                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    13772                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3939                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     233.708048                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    147.156593                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    267.348493                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1624     41.23%     41.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1206     30.62%     71.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          381      9.67%     81.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          177      4.49%     86.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          125      3.17%     89.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           82      2.08%     91.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           59      1.50%     92.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           43      1.09%     93.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          242      6.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3939                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           37                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      369.837838                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     130.154155                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1161.476204                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255             30     81.08%     81.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            5     13.51%     94.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      2.70%     97.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      2.70%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             37                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           37                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.270270                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.243646                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.961730                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                13     35.14%     35.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      2.70%     37.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                23     62.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             37                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  881600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     6272                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    40896                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   887872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 50624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         42.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      42.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       2.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    20654412000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1408511.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       406080                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       475520                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        40896                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 19660613.310624472797                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 23022593.679738350213                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1980005.028445868986                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6345                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7528                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          791                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    174167750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    189825000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 410540204500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27449.61                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25215.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 519014164.98                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     72.44                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              15458100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               8200995                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             51450840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2088000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1630025280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2731194900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5631372000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10069790115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         487.535091                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14611839000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    689520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5353134000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              12737760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6747510                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             46902660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1247580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1630025280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2194471500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6083349600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9975481890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         482.969100                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15792580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    689520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4172393000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20654493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20654493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20654493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1613585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1613585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1619905                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1619905                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          74626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              74626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         77483                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             77483                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1700870000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1700870000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1778090000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1778090000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1688211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1688211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1697388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1697388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.044204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.045648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22791.922386                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22791.922386                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22948.130558                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22948.130558                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           38702                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 38702                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        74626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         74626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        77483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        77483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1551618000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1551618000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1623124000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1623124000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20791.922386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20791.922386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20948.130558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20948.130558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      77227                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          964814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              964814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         55938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             55938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1036586000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1036586000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1020752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1020752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.054801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18530.980729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18530.980729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    924710000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    924710000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16530.980729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16530.980729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         648771                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             648771                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        18688                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            18688                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    664284000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    664284000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       667459                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         667459                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027999                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.027999                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35546.018836                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35546.018836                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18688                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        18688                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    626908000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    626908000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027999                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027999                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33546.018836                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33546.018836                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          6320                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              6320                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2857                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2857                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     77220000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     77220000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9177                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9177                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.311322                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.311322                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27028.351418                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27028.351418                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2857                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2857                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71506000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71506000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.311322                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311322                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25028.351418                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25028.351418                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20654493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.485375                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1697388                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 77483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 21.906586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.485375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          194                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1774871                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1774871                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20654493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20654493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20654493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           46205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           29996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               76201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          46205                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          29996                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              76201                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        139409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         47487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            186896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           186896                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2185315000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1041888000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3227203000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2185315000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1041888000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3227203000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       185614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        77483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          263097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       185614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        77483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         263097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.751069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.710369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.751069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.710369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15675.566140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21940.488976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17267.373299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15675.566140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21940.488976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17267.373299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          32033                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                32033                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       186896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       186896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1906497000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    946914000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2853411000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1906497000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    946914000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2853411000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.751069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.710369                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.751069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.710369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13675.566140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19940.488976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15267.373299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13675.566140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19940.488976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15267.373299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    212089                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          46205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          29996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              76201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           186896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2185315000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1041888000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3227203000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       185614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        77483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         263097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.751069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.710369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15675.566140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21940.488976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17267.373299                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       186896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1906497000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    946914000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2853411000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.751069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.710369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13675.566140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19940.488976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15267.373299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        38702                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        38702                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        38702                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        38702                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20654493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.708215                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 301799                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               212601                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.419556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    73.248414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   289.072056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   148.387745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.143063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.564594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.289820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          296                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               514400                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              514400                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20654493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               263097                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              263097                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         38702                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       193668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       371228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  564896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7435840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     11879296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 19315136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           928070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            456607000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           387415000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20654493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20654493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20654493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  20654493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
