
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4684198000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 245156                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1276288                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   475107                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     4.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1148240661                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000037                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1938156                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004684                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4684198000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            238526                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000037                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1938156                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      211660                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            19                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      156390                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           213                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1367905                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4684197                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4684197                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1243643                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              593689                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       185155                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  17419                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         17419                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                26627                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               14825                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       21737                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1919718                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1919718                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3784169                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1557459                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      211557                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        367947                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     156390                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7175      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1527270     78.80%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    10924      0.56%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     11235      0.58%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1079      0.06%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.01%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2482      0.13%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    9995      0.52%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   209119     10.79%     91.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  156238      8.06%     99.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2438      0.13%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1938261                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    23                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4684198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4684198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1338774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1338774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1338774                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1338774                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29131                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29131                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    828043000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    828043000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    828043000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    828043000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1367905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1367905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1367905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1367905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28424.805190                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28424.805190                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28424.805190                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28424.805190                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    769781000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    769781000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    769781000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    769781000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26424.805190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26424.805190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26424.805190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26424.805190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28914                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1338774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1338774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    828043000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    828043000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1367905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1367905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28424.805190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28424.805190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    769781000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    769781000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26424.805190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26424.805190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4684198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               215.555623                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  662856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28914                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 22.925088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   215.555623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.842014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.842014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1397036                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1397036                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4684198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10694                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10694                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3892                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        25280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        25280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  25280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       933504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       933504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  933504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            30154000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           57726000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4684198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          405248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          279168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              684416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       405248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         405248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       249088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           249088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6332                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4362                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10694                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3892                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3892                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           86513849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           59597822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              146111672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      86513849                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          86513849                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        53176232                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              53176232                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        53176232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          86513849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          59597822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             199287904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3778.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6332.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4307.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000496201750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           221                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           221                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                26197                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3543                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10694                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3892                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10694                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3892                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      55                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    114                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     135856750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    53195000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                335338000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12769.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31519.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5381                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2356                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  50.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 62.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10694                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3892                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    10639                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6653                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     138.408538                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    110.558863                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    108.345585                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3405     51.18%     51.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1869     28.09%     79.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1186     17.83%     97.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          114      1.71%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           38      0.57%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           21      0.32%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            7      0.11%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.06%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6653                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          221                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       48.113122                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      42.367540                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      55.869823                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              35     15.84%     15.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            171     77.38%     93.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              9      4.07%     97.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             2      0.90%     98.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            3      1.36%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            1      0.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            221                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          221                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.009050                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.974133                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.099549                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               115     52.04%     52.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      2.26%     54.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                86     38.91%     93.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                14      6.33%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.45%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            221                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  680896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     3520                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   240576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   684416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                249088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        145.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         51.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     146.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      53.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4683846000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      321119.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       405248                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       275648                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       240576                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 86513849.329170122743                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 58846359.611613348126                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 51359058.690516501665                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6332                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4362                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3892                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    190776500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    144561500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 110690697000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30128.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     33141.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  28440569.63                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     53.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              22126860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              11741730                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             24661560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10977660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      369398640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1527822870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         512144640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2478873960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         529.199227                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1316024000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    156260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3211914000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              25432680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              13506405                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             51300900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             8644320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      369398640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1849835820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         240975840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2559094605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         546.325028                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    609005500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    156260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3918932500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4684198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4684198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4684198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           361385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               361385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          361385                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              361385                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6560                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6560                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    379778000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    379778000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    379778000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    379778000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       367945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           367945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       367945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          367945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57892.987805                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57892.987805                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57892.987805                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57892.987805                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5113                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5113                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    366658000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    366658000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    366658000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    366658000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55892.987805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55892.987805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55892.987805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55892.987805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6304                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          209868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              209868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          1791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              1791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     88085000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88085000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       211659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          211659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49182.021217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49182.021217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     84503000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84503000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47182.021217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47182.021217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         151517                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             151517                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291693000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    291693000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       156286                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         156286                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030515                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030515                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61164.395051                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61164.395051                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4769                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4769                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    282155000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    282155000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030515                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030515                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59164.395051                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59164.395051                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4684198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               247.681351                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  356926                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6304                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 56.618972                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   247.681351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.967505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.967505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                374505                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               374505                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4684198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4684198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4684198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           22799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               24997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          22799                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2198                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              24997                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          6332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             10694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6332                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4362                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            10694                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    446457000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    320519000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    766976000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    446457000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    320519000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    766976000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           35691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          35691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.299627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.299627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70508.054327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73479.825768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71720.216944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70508.054327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73479.825768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71720.216944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3893                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3893                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433793000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    311795000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    745588000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433793000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    311795000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    745588000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68508.054327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71479.825768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69720.216944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68508.054327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71479.825768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69720.216944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     13237                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          22799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2198                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              24997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            10694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    446457000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    320519000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    766976000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          35691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.299627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70508.054327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73479.825768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71720.216944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433793000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    311795000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    745588000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68508.054327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71479.825768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69720.216944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5113                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5113                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5113                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5113                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4684198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              496.005170                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  38634                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13237                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.918637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   194.318194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    55.544631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.142345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.379528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.108486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.480747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.968760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                54553                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               54553                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4684198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                35691                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               35691                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5113                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18233                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   76495                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       747072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1864384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2611456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             61256000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            32800000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4684198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4684198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4684198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4684198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 9313988000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 227434                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1276948                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   440694                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     8.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1058626559                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000949                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3877282                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.009314                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  9313988000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            477330                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000949                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3877282                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      423617                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      312465                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           325                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2737584                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          9313977                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    9313977                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2488727                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1187737                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       370502                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  34219                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         34219                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                52267                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               29265                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       43334                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3840784                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3840784                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7571593                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3116589                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      423414                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        735879                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     312465                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 14290      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3055677     78.81%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    21973      0.57%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     22554      0.58%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2159      0.06%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4842      0.12%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   19915      0.51%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   418616     10.80%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  312313      8.05%     99.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4798      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3877443                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    24                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9313988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9313988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2679555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2679555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2679555                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2679555                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          58029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              58029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         58029                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             58029                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1613072000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1613072000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1613072000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1613072000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2737584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2737584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2737584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2737584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27797.687363                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27797.687363                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27797.687363                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27797.687363                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        58029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         58029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        58029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1497016000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1497016000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1497016000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1497016000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25797.721829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25797.721829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25797.721829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25797.721829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      57811                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2679555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2679555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         58029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             58029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1613072000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1613072000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2737584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2737584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27797.687363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27797.687363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        58029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1497016000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1497016000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25797.721829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25797.721829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9313988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.273593                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1362023                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 57811                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 23.559928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.273593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.844819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.844819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2795612                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2795612                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9313988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               20449                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              20449                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8180                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        49078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        49078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  49078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1832256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1832256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1832256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            61349000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          110506250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9313988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          768640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          540096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1308736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       768640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         768640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       523520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           523520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            12010                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             8439                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                20449                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          8180                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                8180                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           82525337                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           57987620                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              140512958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      82525337                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          82525337                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        56207932                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              56207932                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        56207932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          82525337                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          57987620                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             196720889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      7946.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     12010.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      8358.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000496201750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           466                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           466                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                50931                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                7471                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        20449                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        8180                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      20449                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      8180                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      81                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    234                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               6011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               4928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     267276750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   101840000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                649176750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      13122.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31872.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9861                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4875                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  48.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 61.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  20449                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  8180                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    20368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        13560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     133.550442                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    107.423523                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    102.551773                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7224     53.27%     53.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3726     27.48%     80.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2276     16.78%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          199      1.47%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           72      0.53%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           38      0.28%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.07%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.05%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         13560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          466                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       43.682403                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      40.256285                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      39.321203                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              79     16.95%     16.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            368     78.97%     95.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             13      2.79%     98.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             2      0.43%     99.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            3      0.64%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            1      0.21%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            466                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          466                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.012876                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.977072                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.112899                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               244     52.36%     52.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                11      2.36%     54.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               174     37.34%     92.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                35      7.51%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      0.43%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            466                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1303552                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     5184                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   507392                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1308736                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                523520                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        139.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         54.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     140.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      56.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     9310243000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      325203.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       768640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       534912                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       507392                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 82525337.159549698234                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 57431038.133182048798                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 54476342.464688591659                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        12010                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         8439                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         8180                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    362530500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    286646250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 221856391750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30185.72                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     33966.85                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  27121808.28                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     52.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              43689660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              23221605                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             43696800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            21276720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      735109440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2993152650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1056022080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4916168955                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         527.826421                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2714941750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    310960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6288086250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              53128740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              28238595                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            101730720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            20107440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      735109440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3660750330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         493834560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5092899825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         546.801201                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1249108500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    310960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7753919500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9313988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9313988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9313988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           723110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               723110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          723110                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              723110                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          12811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              12811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         12811                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             12811                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    743859000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    743859000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    743859000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    743859000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       735921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           735921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       735921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          735921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58064.085551                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58064.085551                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58064.085551                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58064.085551                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10257                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10257                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         12811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    718237000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    718237000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    718237000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    718237000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56064.085551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56064.085551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56064.085551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56064.085551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      12555                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          420182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              420182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          3434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              3434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    168853000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    168853000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       423616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          423616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49170.937682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49170.937682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    161985000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    161985000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47170.937682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47170.937682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         302928                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             302928                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9377                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9377                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    575006000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    575006000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       312305                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         312305                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030025                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030025                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61320.891543                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61320.891543                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    556252000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    556252000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59320.891543                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59320.891543                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9313988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.816379                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  716331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 12555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.055436                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.816379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.983658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.983658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                748732                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               748732                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9313988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9313988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9313988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           46018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               50390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          46018                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4372                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              50390                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         12011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             20450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        12011                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8439                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            20450                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    847512000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    627423000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1474935000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    847512000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    627423000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1474935000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        58029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        12811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           70840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        58029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        12811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          70840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.288679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.288679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70561.318791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74348.027017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72123.960880                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70561.318791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74348.027017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72123.960880                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8180                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8180                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        20450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    823492000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    610545000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1434037000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    823492000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    610545000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1434037000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658731                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658731                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68561.485305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72348.027017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70124.058680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68561.485305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72348.027017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70124.058680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     26137                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          46018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              50390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        12011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            20450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    847512000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    627423000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1474935000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        58029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        12811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          70840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.288679                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70561.318791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74348.027017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72123.960880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    823492000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    610545000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1434037000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68561.485305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72348.027017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70124.058680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10257                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10257                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10257                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10257                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9313988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              503.955868                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  78105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                26137                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.988292                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   212.636953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    44.634082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.684833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.415307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.087176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.481806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.984289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               107746                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              107746                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9313988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                70840                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               70839                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10257                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        35879                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       116057                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  151936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1476352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3713792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5190144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           290140000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            122125000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            64055000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9313988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9313988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9313988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   9313988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                13931016000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 216824                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1276948                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   420114                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    13.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1006795005                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000165                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5813110                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.013931                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13931016000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            715425                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000165                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5813110                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      635390                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            24                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      468490                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           435                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4104821                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         13931002                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   13931002                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3730511                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1780390                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       555184                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  51034                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         51034                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                77930                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               43718                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       64933                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5758541                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5758541                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11353693                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4673220                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      635087                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1103577                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     468490                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 21405      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4580978     78.80%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    33030      0.57%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     33894      0.58%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3240      0.06%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7204      0.12%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   29844      0.51%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   627927     10.80%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  468338      8.06%     99.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                7160      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5813326                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    25                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13931016000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13931016000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4017923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4017923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4017923                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4017923                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          86898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              86898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         86898                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             86898                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2393799000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2393799000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2393799000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2393799000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4104821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4104821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4104821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4104821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27547.227784                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27547.227784                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27547.227784                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27547.227784                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        86898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         86898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        86898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        86898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2220005000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2220005000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2220005000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2220005000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25547.250800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25547.250800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25547.250800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25547.250800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      86680                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4017923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4017923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         86898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             86898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2393799000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2393799000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4104821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4104821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27547.227784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27547.227784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        86898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        86898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2220005000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2220005000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25547.250800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25547.250800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13931016000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.514339                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2059803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 86680                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 23.763302                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.514339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.845759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.845759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4191718                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4191718                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13931016000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               30143                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              30143                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12558                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        72844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        72844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  72844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2732864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      2732864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2732864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            92933000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          162891750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13931016000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1128960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          800192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1929152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1128960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1128960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       803712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           803712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            17640                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12503                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                30143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         12558                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               12558                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           81039315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           57439601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              138478916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      81039315                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          81039315                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        57692275                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              57692275                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        57692275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          81039315                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          57439601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             196171191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     12169.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     17640.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12395.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000496201750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           712                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           712                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                75641                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               11441                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        30143                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       12558                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      30143                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     12558                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     108                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    389                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               8916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               7365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     393585000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   150175000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                956741250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      13104.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31854.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     14524                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     7462                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  48.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 61.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  30143                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 12558                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    30035                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        20189                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     133.696567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    107.362306                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    102.354191                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         10839     53.69%     53.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5380     26.65%     80.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3475     17.21%     97.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          288      1.43%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          121      0.60%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           54      0.27%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           15      0.07%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.04%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         20189                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          712                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       42.132022                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      39.527179                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      32.314854                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             119     16.71%     16.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            570     80.06%     96.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             17      2.39%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             2      0.28%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            3      0.42%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            1      0.14%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            712                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          712                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.051966                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.016074                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.113197                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               360     50.56%     50.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                16      2.25%     52.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               277     38.90%     91.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                57      8.01%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      0.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            712                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1922240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     6912                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   777024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1929152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                803712                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        137.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         55.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     138.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      57.69                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    13930030000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      326222.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1128960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       793280                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       777024                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 81039315.438299700618                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 56943441.885358542204                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 55776549.248095043004                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        17640                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12503                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        12558                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    531918500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    424822750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 331330688250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30154.11                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     33977.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  26384033.15                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     52.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              66337740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              35255550                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             64067220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            34326720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1099590960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4449025560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1602962400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7351566150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         527.712132                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4122190500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    465140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   9343685500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              77818860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              41361705                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            150382680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            29049300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1099590960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5467603590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         745212480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7611019575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         546.336288                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1885523500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    465140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11580352500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13931016000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13931016000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13931016000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1084496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1084496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1084496                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1084496                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          19168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              19168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         19168                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             19168                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1105161000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1105161000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1105161000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1105161000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1103664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1103664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1103664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1103664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57656.563022                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57656.563022                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57656.563022                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57656.563022                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15520                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15520                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1066825000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1066825000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1066825000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1066825000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55656.563022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55656.563022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55656.563022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55656.563022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      18912                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          630304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              630304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          5085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              5085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    248340000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    248340000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       635389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          635389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48837.758112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48837.758112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    238170000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    238170000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46837.758112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46837.758112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         454192                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             454192                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        14083                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            14083                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    856821000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    856821000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       468275                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         468275                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030074                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030074                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60840.800966                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60840.800966                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14083                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14083                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    828655000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    828655000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58840.800966                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58840.800966                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13931016000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.202918                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1092590                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 18912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.772314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.202918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1122832                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1122832                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13931016000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13931016000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13931016000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           69257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               75922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          69257                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6665                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              75922                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         17641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         12503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             30144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        17641                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12503                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            30144                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1244257000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    929844000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2174101000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1244257000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    929844000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2174101000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        86898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        19168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          106066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        86898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        19168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         106066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.284200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.284200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70532.112692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74369.671279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72123.838907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70532.112692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74369.671279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72123.838907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12558                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12558                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        30144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1208977000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    904838000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2113815000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1208977000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    904838000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2113815000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652285                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652285                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68532.226064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72369.671279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70123.905255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68532.226064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72369.671279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70123.905255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     38921                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          69257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              75922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        17641                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            30144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1244257000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    929844000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2174101000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        86898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        19168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         106066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.284200                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70532.112692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74369.671279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72123.838907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1208977000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    904838000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2113815000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68532.226064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72369.671279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70123.905255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15520                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15520                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15520                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15520                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13931016000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.621860                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 116972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                38921                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 3.005370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   212.152457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    40.846035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.623368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.414360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.079777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.495358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.989496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          363                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               161019                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              161019                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13931016000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               106066                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              106065                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15520                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        53856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       173795                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  227651                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2220032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5561408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7781440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           434485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            183666000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            95840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13931016000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13931016000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13931016000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  13931016000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18563398000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 214122                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1276948                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   414882                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    18.68                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              993667921                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000106                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7750687                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018563                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18563398000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            953682                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000106                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7750687                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      847463                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            26                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      624651                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           547                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5472981                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18563387                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18563387                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4972991                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2373361                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       739961                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  67834                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         67834                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               103570                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               58158                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       86541                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7677972                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7677972                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15140366                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6231970                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      847060                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1471711                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     624651                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 28606      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6107188     78.79%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    44090      0.57%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     45562      0.59%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4320      0.06%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     9564      0.12%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   39764      0.51%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   837540     10.81%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  624499      8.06%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                9520      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7750959                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    26                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18563398000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18563398000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5357178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5357178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5357178                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5357178                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         115803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             115803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        115803                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            115803                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3185178000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3185178000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3185178000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3185178000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5472981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5472981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5472981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5472981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27505.142354                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27505.142354                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27505.142354                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27505.142354                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        115803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       115803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2953574000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2953574000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2953574000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2953574000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25505.159625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25505.159625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25505.159625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25505.159625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     115585                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5357178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5357178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        115803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            115803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3185178000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3185178000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5472981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5472981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27505.142354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27505.142354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       115803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2953574000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2953574000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25505.159625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25505.159625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18563398000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.635533                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2757134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                115585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 23.853735                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.635533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5588783                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5588783                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18563398000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               40046                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              40046                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16780                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        96872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        96872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  96872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3636864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      3636864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3636864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           123946000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          216408000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18563398000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1500992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1061952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2562944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1500992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1500992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1073920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1073920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            23453                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            16593                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                40046                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         16780                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               16780                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           80857610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           57206768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              138064378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      80857610                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          80857610                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        57851477                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              57851477                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        57851477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          80857610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          57206768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             195915855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     16279.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     23453.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     16452.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000496201750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           954                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           954                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               100586                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               15316                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        40046                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       16780                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      40046                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     16780                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     141                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    501                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              11776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               9737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               3189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     523385250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   199525000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1271604000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      13115.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31865.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     19233                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     9986                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  48.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 61.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  40046                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 16780                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    39905                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        26940                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     133.411730                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    107.248623                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    101.495853                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         14478     53.74%     53.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7161     26.58%     80.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4654     17.28%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          385      1.43%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          156      0.58%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           70      0.26%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      0.07%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.03%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         26940                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          954                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       41.799790                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      39.548906                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      28.380135                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             158     16.56%     16.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            765     80.19%     96.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             25      2.62%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             2      0.21%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            3      0.31%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            954                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          954                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.038784                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.002805                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.114422                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               490     51.36%     51.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                19      1.99%     53.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               365     38.26%     91.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                78      8.18%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      0.21%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            954                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2553920                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     9024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1040320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2562944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1073920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        137.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         56.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     138.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      57.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18562800000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      326660.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1500992                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1052928                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1040320                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 80857610.228472188115                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 56720649.958590559661                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 56041463.960423633456                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        23453                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        16593                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        16780                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    705711000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    565893000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 442011662250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30090.44                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     34104.32                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  26341577.01                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     52.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              89449920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              47543760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             86051280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            45784620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1465301760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5938811760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2127240480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9800183580                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         527.930478                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5470362000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    619840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12473196000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             102908820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              54693540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            198870420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            39066480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1465301760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7290685890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         988820160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10140347070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         546.254897                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2502504750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    619840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  15441053250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18563398000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18563398000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18563398000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1446451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1446451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1446451                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1446451                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          25391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              25391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         25391                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             25391                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1468119000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1468119000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1468119000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1468119000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1471842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1471842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1471842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1471842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57820.448190                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57820.448190                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57820.448190                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57820.448190                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           20619                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 20619                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         25391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1417337000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1417337000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1417337000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1417337000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55820.448190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55820.448190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55820.448190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55820.448190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      25135                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          840685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              840685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327804000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    327804000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       847462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          847462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48370.075255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48370.075255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    314250000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    314250000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46370.075255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46370.075255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         605766                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             605766                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        18614                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            18614                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1140315000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1140315000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       624380                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         624380                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029812                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.029812                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61261.147523                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61261.147523                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18614                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        18614                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1103087000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1103087000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029812                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029812                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59261.147523                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59261.147523                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18563398000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.900912                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1448710                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 25135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.637159                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.900912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1497233                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1497233                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18563398000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18563398000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18563398000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              101147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          92349                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8798                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             101147                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         23454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         16593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             40047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        23454                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16593                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            40047                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1652754000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1236159000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2888913000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1652754000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1236159000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2888913000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       115803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        25391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          141194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       115803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        25391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         141194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.283631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.283631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70467.894602                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74498.824806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72138.062776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70467.894602                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74498.824806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72138.062776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          16780                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                16780                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16593                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1605848000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1202973000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2808821000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1605848000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1202973000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2808821000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68467.979876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72498.824806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70138.112718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68467.979876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72498.824806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70138.112718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     51773                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          92349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             101147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        23454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16593                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            40047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1652754000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1236159000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2888913000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       115803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        25391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         141194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.283631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70467.894602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74498.824806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72138.062776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1605848000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1202973000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2808821000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68467.979876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72498.824806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70138.112718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        20619                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        20619                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        20619                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        20619                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18563398000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.963942                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 159680                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                51773                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 3.084233                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   211.663018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    38.923423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   257.377501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.413404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.076022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.502690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          347                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               214098                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              214098                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18563398000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               141194                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              141193                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         20619                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        71401                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       231605                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  303006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2944640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7411328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10355968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           579010000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            244289000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           126955000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18563398000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18563398000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18563398000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18563398000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                23210679000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 211791                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1276948                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   410369                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    23.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              983145864                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9688189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.023211                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23210679000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1191967                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9688189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1059449                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            28                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      780771                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           661                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6841125                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         23210679                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   23210679                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6215678                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2966404                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       924785                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  84640                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         84640                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               129218                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               72602                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      108142                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9597326                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9597326                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18926725                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7790662                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1058945                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1839716                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     780771                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 35809      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7633440     78.79%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    55157      0.57%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     57230      0.59%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    5400      0.06%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11926      0.12%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   49686      0.51%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1047063     10.81%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  780619      8.06%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11882      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9688518                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    26                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6696431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6696431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6696431                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6696431                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         144694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             144694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        144694                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            144694                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3982558000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3982558000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3982558000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3982558000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6841125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6841125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6841125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6841125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27524.002377                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27524.002377                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27524.002377                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27524.002377                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       144694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        144694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       144694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       144694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3693170000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3693170000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3693170000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3693170000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25524.002377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25524.002377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25524.002377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25524.002377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     144477                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6696431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6696431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        144694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            144694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3982558000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3982558000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6841125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6841125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27524.002377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27524.002377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       144694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       144694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3693170000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3693170000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25524.002377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25524.002377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.708507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6841125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                144694                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 47.279949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.708507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6985819                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6985819                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               50082                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              50082                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        21082                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       121246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       121246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 121246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4554496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      4554496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4554496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           155492000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          270707750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1876608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1328640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3205248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1876608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1876608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1349248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1349248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            29322                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            20760                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                50082                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         21082                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               21082                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           80851060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           57242617                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              138093677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      80851060                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          80851060                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        58130484                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              58130484                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        58130484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          80851060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          57242617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             196224160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     20458.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     29322.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     20579.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000496201750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1199                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1199                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               125879                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               19256                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        50082                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       21082                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      50082                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     21082                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     181                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    624                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              14738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              12184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               3849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              2232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     659701500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   249505000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1595345250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      13220.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31970.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     23864                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    12490                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  47.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 61.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  50082                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 21082                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    49901                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     551                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        33976                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     132.471862                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    106.760395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    100.157414                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         18315     53.91%     53.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9104     26.80%     80.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5776     17.00%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          466      1.37%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          190      0.56%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           85      0.25%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           22      0.06%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.03%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         33976                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1199                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       41.595496                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      39.575702                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      25.693597                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             197     16.43%     16.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            966     80.57%     97.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             30      2.50%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             2      0.17%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            3      0.25%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1199                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.042535                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.006384                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.117037                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               615     51.29%     51.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                24      2.00%     53.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               456     38.03%     91.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               102      8.51%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      0.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3193664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    11584                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1307776                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3205248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1349248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        137.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         56.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     138.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      58.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    23210531000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      326155.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1876608                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1317056                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1307776                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 80851059.979761898518                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 56743536.024947822094                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 56343720.060925401747                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        29322                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        20760                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        21082                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    883897000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    711448250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 553829406000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30144.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     34270.15                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  26270249.79                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     51.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             112247940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              59649810                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            107135700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            56224620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1831627200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7463560620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2627797440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12258243330                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         528.129458                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6756516250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    774800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  15679362750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             130376400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              69289110                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            249157440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            50440860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1831627200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9115422330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1236756000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12683069340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         546.432499                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3130346000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    774800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  19305533000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1808102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1808102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1808102                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1808102                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          31789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              31789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         31789                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             31789                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1840606000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1840606000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1840606000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1840606000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1839891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1839891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1839891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1839891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57900.720375                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57900.720375                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57900.720375                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57900.720375                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           25847                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 25847                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         31789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1777028000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1777028000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1777028000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1777028000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55900.720375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55900.720375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55900.720375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55900.720375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      31533                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1050946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1050946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    414264000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    414264000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1059448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1059448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48725.476359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48725.476359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    397260000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    397260000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46725.476359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46725.476359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         757156                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             757156                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        23287                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            23287                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1426342000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1426342000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       780443                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         780443                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029838                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.029838                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61250.568987                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61250.568987                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1379768000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1379768000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029838                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029838                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59250.568987                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59250.568987                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.321195                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1839891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 31789                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.878228                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.321195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1871680                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1871680                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          115372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              126401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         115372                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          11029                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             126401                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         29322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         20760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        29322                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        20760                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50082                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2067955000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1550052000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3618007000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2067955000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1550052000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3618007000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       144694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        31789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          176483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       144694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        31789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         176483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.283778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.283778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70525.714481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74665.317919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72241.663672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70525.714481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74665.317919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72241.663672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          21082                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                21082                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20760                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2009311000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1508532000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3517843000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2009311000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1508532000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3517843000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68525.714481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72665.317919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70241.663672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68525.714481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72665.317919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70241.663672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     64788                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         115372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          11029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             126401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        29322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        20760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2067955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1550052000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3618007000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       144694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        31789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         176483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.283778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70525.714481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74665.317919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72241.663672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2009311000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1508532000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3517843000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68525.714481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72665.317919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70241.663672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        25847                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        25847                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        25847                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        25847                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.772048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 202330                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                65300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 3.098469                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   210.536637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    37.659015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   260.576396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.411204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.073553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.508938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               267630                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              267630                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               176483                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              176483                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         25847                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        89425                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       289388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  378813                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3688704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9260416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 12949120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           723470000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            305718000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           158945000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  23210679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
