
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18938348000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 597501                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 706664                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                  1036565                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     8.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             2263085907                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8674324                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018938                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18938348000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            888632                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8674324                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      916560                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      502120                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6446169                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18938348                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18938348                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6247544                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4922907                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       788245                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       30309                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8624342                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8624342                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            16366388                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7333926                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      916447                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1418483                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     502036                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 36017      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7117291     82.05%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    95779      1.10%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.02%     83.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.01%     83.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.03%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   915492     10.55%     94.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  496518      5.72%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8674337                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    43                       # Number of system calls
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        30692                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          684                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.tot_requests          62398                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              684                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          3444                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2451                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               993                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              993                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2451                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.DynamicCache.mem_side::system.mem_delay-slave         6888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.DynamicCache.mem_side::total         6888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   6888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.DynamicCache.mem_side::system.mem_delay-slave       220416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.DynamicCache.mem_side::total       220416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  220416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3444                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3444    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3444                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             3444000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           18330500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18938348000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6433254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6433254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6433254                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6433254                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          12915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              12915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         12915                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             12915                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1942544000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1942544000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1942544000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1942544000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6446169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6446169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6446169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6446169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 150409.910956                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150409.910956                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 150409.910956                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150409.910956                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         12915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1916714000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1916714000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1916714000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1916714000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 148409.910956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 148409.910956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 148409.910956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 148409.910956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      12403                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6433254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6433254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         12915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             12915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1942544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1942544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6446169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6446169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 150409.910956                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150409.910956                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1916714000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1916714000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 148409.910956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 148409.910956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18938348000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               490.004284                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6446169                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 12915                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                499.122648                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                729000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   490.004284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.957040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.957040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6459084                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6459084                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18938348000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_delay.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18938348000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          144128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           76288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              220416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       144128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         144128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3444                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7610379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            4028229                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               11638608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7610379                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7610379                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7610379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           4028229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              11638608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2252.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1192.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000570000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                11752                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3444                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3444                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      42475500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    17220000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                107050500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12333.19                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31083.19                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2410                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  69.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3444                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3442                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1034                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     213.168279                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    152.054214                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    181.728553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::64-127          387     37.43%     37.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-191          198     19.15%     56.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::192-255           98      9.48%     66.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-319           75      7.25%     73.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::320-383           66      6.38%     79.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-447           42      4.06%     83.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::448-511           36      3.48%     87.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-575           32      3.09%     90.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::576-639           24      2.32%     92.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-703           75      7.25%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::704-767            1      0.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1034                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  220416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   220416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         11.64                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      11.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17066402000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     4955401.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       144128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        76288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7610378.687729257159                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 4028228.861355805770                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1192                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     64936750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     42113750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28835.15                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     35330.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               3105900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1650825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             12187980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1494804480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1083995790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6359487360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8955232335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         472.862381                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16523698750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    632320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1782329250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4276860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2273205                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             12402180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1494804480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1278533370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6195666240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8987956335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         474.590304                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16095504250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    632320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2210523750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18938348000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           10423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           17573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               27996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          10423                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          17573                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              27996                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          2492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          1218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              3710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2492                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1218                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             3710                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1659045000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    870959000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2530004000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1659045000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    870959000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2530004000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        12915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        18791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           31706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        12915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        18791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          31706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.192954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.064818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.117013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.192954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.064818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.117013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 665748.394864                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 715073.070608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 681941.778976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 665748.394864                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 715073.070608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 681941.778976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks             48                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                   48                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1609205000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    846599000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2455804000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1609205000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    846599000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2455804000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.192954                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.064818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.192954                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.064818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 645748.394864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 695073.070608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 661941.778976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 645748.394864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 695073.070608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 661941.778976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                       909                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15890                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15890                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15890                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15890                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          399                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data          843                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total              843                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data          996                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total            996                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    723735000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    723735000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1839                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1839                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.541599                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.541599                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 726641.566265                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 726641.566265                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          996                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          996                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    703815000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    703815000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.541599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.541599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 706641.566265                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706641.566265                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10423                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data        16730                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        27153                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2492                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data          222                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2714                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1659045000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    147224000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1806269000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        12915                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16952                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        29867                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.192954                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013096                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.090870                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 665748.394864                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 663171.171171                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 665537.582903                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2492                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          222                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         2714                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1609205000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    142784000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1751989000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.192954                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 645748.394864                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 643171.171171                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 645537.582903                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18938348000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             2386.575019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  61998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 3804                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                16.298107                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle               708000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    26.259739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1468.575016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   891.740263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.006411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.358539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.217710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.582660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2895                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          558                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2337                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.706787                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                66201                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               66201                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18938348000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l3Dram.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3Dram.demand_hits::.cpu.data               26                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3Dram.demand_hits::total                  207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3Dram.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             181                       # number of overall hits
system.l3Dram.overall_hits::.cpu.data              26                       # number of overall hits
system.l3Dram.overall_hits::total                 207                       # number of overall hits
system.l3Dram.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           2311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3Dram.demand_misses::.cpu.data           1192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3Dram.demand_misses::total               3503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3Dram.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          2311                       # number of overall misses
system.l3Dram.overall_misses::.cpu.data          1192                       # number of overall misses
system.l3Dram.overall_misses::total              3503                       # number of overall misses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1547642000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    819695000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_latency::total   2367337000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1547642000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    819695000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_latency::total   2367337000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         2492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         1218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_accesses::total             3710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         2492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         1218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_accesses::total            3710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.978654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_rate::total        0.944205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.978654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_rate::total       0.944205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 669684.984855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 687663.590604                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 675802.740508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 669684.984855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 687663.590604                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 675802.740508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            508                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.blocked::no_mshrs                     1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          508                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3Dram.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_misses::total          3503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_misses::total         3503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1429781000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    758903000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2188684000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1429781000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    758903000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2188684000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.978654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.944205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.978654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.944205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 618684.984855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 636663.590604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 624802.740508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 618684.984855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 636663.590604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 624802.740508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.replacements                        190                       # number of replacements
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks           48                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_hits::total           48                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks           48                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           48                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          166                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          166                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_hits::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data          993                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_misses::total             993                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    682746000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    682746000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data          996                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_accesses::total           996                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996988                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.996988                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 687558.912387                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 687558.912387                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          993                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          993                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    632103000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    632103000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 636558.912387                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 636558.912387                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.inst          181                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data           23                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           204                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2311                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data          199                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2510                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1547642000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    136949000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1684591000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         2492                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data          222                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2714                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927368                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.896396                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.924834                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 669684.984855                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 688185.929648                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 671151.792829                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2311                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          199                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         2510                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1429781000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    126800000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1556581000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.896396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.924834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 618684.984855                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 637185.929648                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 620151.792829                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18938348000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3Dram.tags.tagsinuse              2712.379730                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3Dram.tags.total_refs                    4285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3Dram.tags.sampled_refs                  3503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3Dram.tags.avg_refs                  1.223237                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3Dram.tags.warmup_cycle                657000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1668.313534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1044.066196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.203652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.127449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::total        0.331101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2777                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.404419                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.tag_accesses                  7954                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3Dram.tags.data_accesses                 7954                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3Dram.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18938348000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1392221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1392221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1399873                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1399873                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          18783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              18783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         18794                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             18794                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1329170000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1329170000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1329170000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1329170000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1411004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1411004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1418667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1418667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70764.521110                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70764.521110                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70723.103118                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70723.103118                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            603                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          603                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15890                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15890                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         18783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18791                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18791                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1291604000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1291604000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1296675000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1296675000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68764.521110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68764.521110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69005.108829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69005.108829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      18289                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          891953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              891953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         16944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             16944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    578509000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    578509000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       908897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          908897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34142.410293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34142.410293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    544621000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    544621000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32142.410293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32142.410293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         500268                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             500268                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         1839                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             1839                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    750661000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    750661000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       502107                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         502107                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003663                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.003663                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 408189.777053                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 408189.777053                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1839                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1839                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    746983000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    746983000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 406189.777053                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 406189.777053                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          7652                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              7652                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           11                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              11                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7663                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          7663                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001435                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.001435                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            8                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5071000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5071000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001044                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001044                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       633875                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       633875                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18938348000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               478.084871                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1418664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 18791                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 75.496993                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               1464000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   478.084871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.933760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.933760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1437458                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1437458                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18938348000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.DynamicCache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.DynamicCache.demand_hits::total             59                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.DynamicCache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           59                       # number of overall hits
system.DynamicCache.overall_hits::total            59                       # number of overall hits
system.DynamicCache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.DynamicCache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.DynamicCache.demand_misses::total         3444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.DynamicCache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of overall misses
system.DynamicCache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of overall misses
system.DynamicCache.overall_misses::total         3444                       # number of overall misses
system.DynamicCache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1304250000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    698111000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.demand_miss_latency::total   2002361000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1304250000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    698111000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.overall_miss_latency::total   2002361000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         2311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_accesses::total         3503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         2311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_accesses::total         3503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.974470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.983157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.974470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.983157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 579151.865009                       # average overall miss latency
system.DynamicCache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 585663.590604                       # average overall miss latency
system.DynamicCache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 581405.632985                       # average overall miss latency
system.DynamicCache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 579151.865009                       # average overall miss latency
system.DynamicCache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 585663.590604                       # average overall miss latency
system.DynamicCache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 581405.632985                       # average overall miss latency
system.DynamicCache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          327                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.DynamicCache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.DynamicCache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.DynamicCache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.DynamicCache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          327                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.DynamicCache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1011490000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    543151000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1554641000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1011490000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    543151000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1554641000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.974470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.983157                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.974470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.983157                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 449151.865009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 455663.590604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451405.632985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 449151.865009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 455663.590604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451405.632985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data          993                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_misses::total          993                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    581460000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    581460000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data          993                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_accesses::total          993                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 585558.912387                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 585558.912387                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          993                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          993                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    452370000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    452370000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 455558.912387                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455558.912387                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.inst           59                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           59                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data          199                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2451                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1304250000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    116651000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1420901000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         2311                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data          199                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2510                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.974470                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.976494                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 579151.865009                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 586185.929648                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 579722.970216                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          199                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         2451                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1011490000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     90781000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1102271000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.974470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.976494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 449151.865009                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 456185.929648                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449722.970216                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18938348000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.DynamicCache.tags.tagsinuse        2826.854105                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.DynamicCache.tags.total_refs              3687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.DynamicCache.tags.sampled_refs            3444                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.DynamicCache.tags.avg_refs            1.070557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.DynamicCache.tags.warmup_cycle          527000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1762.074604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1064.779501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.215097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.129978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.345075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.DynamicCache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          533                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.DynamicCache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2911                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.420410                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.DynamicCache.tags.tag_accesses            7131                       # Number of tag accesses
system.DynamicCache.tags.data_accesses           7131                       # Number of data accesses
system.DynamicCache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18938348000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               29867                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15938                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::CleanEvict             15853                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadExReq               1839                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadExResp              1839                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          29867                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        55871                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        38233                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   94104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2219584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       826560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3046144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.snoops                              1099                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bar.snoopTraffic                        3072                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::samples              32805                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::mean              0.020881                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.142988                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::0                    32120     97.91%     97.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::1                      685      2.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::total                32805                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             94178000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            38745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            56373000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18938348000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18938348000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18938348000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18938348000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
