
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3961676000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  96290                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34269828                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   182749                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    10.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              381450292                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000024                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1897984                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003962                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3961676000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            223657                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000024                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1897984                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      224662                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            81                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      144211                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            45                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1309643                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           177                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3961665                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3961665                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1153911                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              616673                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       165985                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  24024                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         24024                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                38683                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               19045                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       38890                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1874791                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1874791                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3674306                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1506926                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      224364                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        368510                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     144146                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7478      0.39%      0.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1502910     79.18%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      314      0.02%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       217      0.01%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      77      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     9070      0.48%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      138      0.01%     80.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4544      0.24%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    4704      0.25%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  21      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   219921     11.59%     92.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  143441      7.56%     99.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4443      0.23%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                705      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1897999                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    29                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         7280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            9137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7280                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1857                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           9137                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1951                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1851                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3802                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117411000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    115749000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    233160000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117411000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    115749000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    233160000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        12939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        12939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.211353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.293840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.211353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.293840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60179.907740                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62533.225284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61325.618096                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60179.907740                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62533.225284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61325.618096                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           72                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               72                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    113509000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    112047000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225556000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    113509000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    112047000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225556000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.211353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293840                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.211353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293840                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58179.907740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60533.225284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59325.618096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58179.907740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60533.225284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59325.618096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   219                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           9137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3802                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117411000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    115749000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    233160000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        12939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.211353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.293840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60179.907740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62533.225284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61325.618096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    113509000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    112047000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225556000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.211353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58179.907740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60533.225284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59325.618096                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2729                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2729                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2729                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2729                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2557.139023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              219                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.634703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     9.277298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1421.681684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1126.180042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.086773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.068737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.156075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3599                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.219666                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            19486                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           19486                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1295667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1295667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1295667                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1295667                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13976                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13976                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    360399000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    360399000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    360399000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    360399000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1309643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1309643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25786.991986                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25786.991986                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25786.991986                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25786.991986                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332447000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    332447000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332447000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    332447000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23786.991986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23786.991986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23786.991986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23786.991986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13720                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1295667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1295667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    360399000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    360399000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1309643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25786.991986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25786.991986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332447000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    332447000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23786.991986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23786.991986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.800225                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1213720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13720                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 88.463557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.800225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.983595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.983595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1323619                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1323619                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3802                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3802                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           72                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         7676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         7676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   7676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       247936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       247936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  247936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4162000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           20306500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          124864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          118464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              243328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       124864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         124864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         4608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             4608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1851                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3802                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            72                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  72                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           31517974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           29902496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               61420470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      31517974                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          31517974                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1163144                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1163144                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1163144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          31517974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          29902496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              62583614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        72.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1951.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1851.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003182240500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 8688                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  47                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3802                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          72                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3802                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        72                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14                72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       10.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      35106250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    19010000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                106393750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9233.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27983.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2555                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       42                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  67.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 58.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3802                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    72                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3795                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1253                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     196.648045                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    142.987575                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    186.926721                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           461     36.79%     36.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          435     34.72%     71.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          204     16.28%     87.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           58      4.63%     92.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           33      2.63%     95.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      1.84%     96.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           14      1.12%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.64%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           17      1.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1253                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean            1251                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     349.981855                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1717.358146                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.666667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.640671                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.154701                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 2     66.67%     66.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 1     33.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  243328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     3200                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   243328                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  4608                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         61.42                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      61.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3958524000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1021818.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       124864                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       118464                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         3200                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 31517973.706077933311                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 29902495.812378399074                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 807738.946849767584                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1951                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1851                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           72                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     52381500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     54012250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  24893702750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26848.54                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29180.04                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 345745871.53                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     67.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               3520020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1870935                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             10188780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                5220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      312237120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         727973790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         908253120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1964048985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         495.762143                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2354217750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    132080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1475378250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               5440680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2884200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             16957500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              255780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      312237120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         924420870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         742824000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2005020150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         506.104020                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1922631500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    132080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1906964500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           359957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               359957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          360032                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              360032                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          8826                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              8826                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    259465000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    259465000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    259465000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    259465000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       368783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           368783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       368858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          368858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.023933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.023928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29397.801949                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29397.801949                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29397.801949                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29397.801949                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            4335                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  4335                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241815000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    241815000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241815000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    241815000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27398.028552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27398.028552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27398.028552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27398.028552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       8569                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          218597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              218597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          5990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              5990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    125475000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    125475000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       224587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          224587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.026671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20947.412354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20947.412354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    113497000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    113497000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18947.746244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18947.746244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         141360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             141360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2836                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2836                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    133990000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    133990000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       144196                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         144196                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019668                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019668                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47246.121298                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47246.121298                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    128318000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128318000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019668                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019668                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45246.121298                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45246.121298                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               248.756791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  338829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  8569                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 39.541253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   248.756791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.971706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.971706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                377683                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               377683                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            4745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                9862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           4745                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5117                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               9862                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             12940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3709                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            12940                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    233512000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    160251000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    393763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    233512000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    160251000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    393763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           22802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          22802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.567494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.567494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25296.500921                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43205.985441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30429.907264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25296.500921                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43205.985441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30429.907264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2729                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2729                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    215050000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    152835000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    367885000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    215050000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    152835000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    367885000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23296.500921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41206.524670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28430.061824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23296.500921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41206.524670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28430.061824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     14800                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           4745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               9862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            12940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    233512000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    160251000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    393763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          22802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.567494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25296.500921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43205.985441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30429.907264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    215050000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    152835000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    367885000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23296.500921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41206.524670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28430.061824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4335                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4335                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4335                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4335                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              500.162294                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  24594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                14800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.661757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    89.329401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.160372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   164.672521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.174471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.480782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.321626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.976879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                42449                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               42449                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                22802                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               22801                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          4335                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        21986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        27952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   49938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       842240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       894464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1736704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            69880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             44477000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            44125000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7721905000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 108612                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34271040                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   203813                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    18.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              419243373                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000467                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3753947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007722                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7721905000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            446298                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000467                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3753947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      468436                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      271222                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            63                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2600713                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           178                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7721894                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7721894                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2304360                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1247663                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       335300                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  41819                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         41819                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                67125                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               33216                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       71600                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3713499                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3713499                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7308226                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2994959                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      467935                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        739025                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     271090                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 12548      0.33%      0.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2969376     79.10%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      438      0.01%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       322      0.01%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     151      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    15174      0.40%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      276      0.01%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     8146      0.22%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    8445      0.22%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  54      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   459947     12.25%     92.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  270122      7.20%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                7988      0.21%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                968      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3753971                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    29                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        15667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         4547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           20214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        15667                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4547                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          20214                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2258                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2561                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4819                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    137317000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    159277000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    296594000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    137317000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    159277000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    296594000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        25033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        25033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.125969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.360298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.192506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.125969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.360298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.192506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60813.551816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62193.283873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61546.793941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60813.551816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62193.283873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61546.793941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          195                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              195                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    132801000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    154155000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    286956000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    132801000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    154155000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    286956000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.125969                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.360298                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.192506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.125969                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.360298                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.192506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58813.551816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60193.283873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59546.793941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58813.551816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60193.283873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59546.793941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   736                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        15667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         4547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          20214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    137317000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    159277000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    296594000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        25033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.125969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.360298                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.192506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60813.551816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62193.283873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61546.793941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    132801000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    154155000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    286956000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.125969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.360298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.192506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58813.551816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60193.283873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59546.793941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4715                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4715                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4715                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4715                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3249.144001                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               5133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              736                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             6.974185                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    11.776743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1631.708029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1605.659230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.099592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.098002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.198312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3991                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.256592                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            34688                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           34688                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2572112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2572112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2572112                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2572112                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          28601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              28601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         28601                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             28601                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    634153000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    634153000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    634153000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    634153000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2600713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2600713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2600713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2600713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22172.406559                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22172.406559                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22172.406559                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22172.406559                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         28601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    576951000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    576951000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    576951000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    576951000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20172.406559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20172.406559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20172.406559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20172.406559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28345                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2572112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2572112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         28601                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             28601                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    634153000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    634153000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2600713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2600713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22172.406559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22172.406559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    576951000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    576951000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20172.406559                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20172.406559                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.845331                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2453937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28345                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 86.573893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.845331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2629314                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2629314                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4819                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4819                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          195                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         9833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         9833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   9833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       320896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       320896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  320896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             5794000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           25768000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          144512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          163904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              308416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       144512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         144512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        12480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            12480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2561                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4819                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           195                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 195                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           18714553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           21225850                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               39940403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      18714553                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          18714553                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1616181                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1616181                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1616181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          18714553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          21225850                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              41556585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       152.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2258.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2540.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.008895005250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             8                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             8                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                11766                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 126                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4819                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         195                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4819                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       195                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     43                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       17.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      46137250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    23990000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                136099750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9615.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28365.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3069                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      113                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  63.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 74.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4819                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   195                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4790                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1749                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     180.400229                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    132.459551                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    172.858469                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           719     41.11%     41.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          589     33.68%     74.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          261     14.92%     89.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           73      4.17%     93.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           39      2.23%     96.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           27      1.54%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           15      0.86%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.46%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           18      1.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1749                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      597.875000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     192.447654                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1077.124272                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              4     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1     12.50%     62.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2     25.00%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            1     12.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            8                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.750000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.722538                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.035098                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 5     62.50%     62.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3     37.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              8                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  307072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     8576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   308416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 12480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         39.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      39.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7719814000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1539651.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       144512                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       162560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         8576                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 18714552.950340621173                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 21051800.041570052505                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1110606.773846609052                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2258                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2561                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          195                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     62033250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     74066500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 130917748750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27472.65                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28920.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 671373070.51                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5133660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2728605                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             13851600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              120060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      609108240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1234743120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1925427840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3791113125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         490.955681                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4993383500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    257660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2470861500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               7361340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3908850                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             20406120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              579420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      609108240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1356093840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1823237760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3820695570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         494.786658                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4726410500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    257660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2737834500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           722708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               722708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          722783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              722783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          16851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              16851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         16851                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             16851                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    435742000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    435742000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    435742000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    435742000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       739559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           739559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       739634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          739634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.022785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25858.524717                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25858.524717                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25858.524717                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25858.524717                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7446                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7446                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         16851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    402042000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    402042000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    402042000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    402042000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23858.643404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23858.643404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23858.643404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23858.643404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      16594                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          456585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              456585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         11776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             11776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    227613000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    227613000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       468361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          468361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19328.549592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19328.549592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    204063000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    204063000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17328.719429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17328.719429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         266123                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             266123                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5075                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5075                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    208129000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    208129000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       271198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         271198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018713                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018713                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41010.640394                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41010.640394                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    197979000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    197979000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018713                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018713                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39010.640394                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39010.640394                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.283916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  700280                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 16594                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 42.200795                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.283916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                756484                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               756484                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           10676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               20418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          10676                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9742                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              20418                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         17925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          7109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             25034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            25034                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    365826000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246559000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    612385000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    365826000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246559000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    612385000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           45452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          45452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.550779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.550779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20408.702929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34682.655788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24462.131501                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20408.702929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34682.655788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24462.131501                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4715                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4715                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        25034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    329976000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    232343000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    562319000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    329976000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    232343000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    562319000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18408.702929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32682.937122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22462.211393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18408.702929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32682.937122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22462.211393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     28614                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          10676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              20418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            25034                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    365826000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246559000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    612385000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          45452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.550779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20408.702929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34682.655788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24462.131501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    329976000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    232343000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    562319000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18408.702929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32682.937122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22462.211393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7446                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7446                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7446                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7446                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.926738                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  50332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                28614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.758999                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    76.716910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   247.596223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   181.613604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.149838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.483586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.354714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.988138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                82024                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               82024                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                45452                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               45451                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7446                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41147                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        57202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   98349                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1554944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1830464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3385408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           143005000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             82682000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            84250000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11573240000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 109633                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34271584                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   204706                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    27.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              422892963                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000144                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5602147                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011573                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11573240000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            663189                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000144                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5602147                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      692387                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      418160                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            77                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3912749                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           179                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11573229                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11573229                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3411540                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1861756                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       498332                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  54853                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         54853                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                88114                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               43718                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      100834                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5546454                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5546454                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10948334                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4464809                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      691678                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1109633                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     417955                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 17736      0.32%      0.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4431323     79.10%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      620      0.01%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       406      0.01%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     222      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20300      0.36%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      282      0.01%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    10526      0.19%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   10985      0.20%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 129      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   681279     12.16%     92.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  416762      7.44%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               10399      0.19%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1193      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5602178                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    29                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        27413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           34840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        27413                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7427                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          34840                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          5464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2427                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3037                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         5464                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148591000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    188601000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    337192000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148591000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    188601000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    337192000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        40304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        40304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.290233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.135570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.290233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.135570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61224.145035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62101.086599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61711.566618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61224.145035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62101.086599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61711.566618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          267                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              267                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         5464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         5464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    143737000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    182527000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    326264000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    143737000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    182527000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    326264000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.290233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.290233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59224.145035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60101.086599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59711.566618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59224.145035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60101.086599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59711.566618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   995                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        27413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          34840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         5464                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148591000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    188601000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    337192000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        40304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.290233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.135570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61224.145035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62101.086599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61711.566618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    143737000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    182527000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    326264000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.290233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59224.145035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60101.086599                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59711.566618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6274                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6274                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6274                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6274                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3643.902446                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               7168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              995                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             7.204020                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    14.318213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1702.636466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1926.947767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.103921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.117612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.222406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4658                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2359                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.284302                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            52231                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           52231                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3864594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3864594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3864594                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3864594                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          48155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              48155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         48155                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             48155                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    986324000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    986324000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    986324000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    986324000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3912749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3912749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20482.275984                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20482.275984                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20482.275984                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20482.275984                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         48155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    890016000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    890016000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    890016000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    890016000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18482.317516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18482.317516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18482.317516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18482.317516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      47898                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3864594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3864594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         48155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             48155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    986324000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    986324000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3912749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20482.275984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20482.275984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    890016000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    890016000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18482.317516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18482.317516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.562360                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3664782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 47898                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 76.512213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.562360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3960903                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3960903                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5464                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5464                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          267                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        11195                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        11195                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11195                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       366784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       366784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  366784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6799000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           29231250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          155328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          194368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              349696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       155328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         155328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        17088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            17088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2427                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3037                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5464                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           267                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 267                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           13421306                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           16794605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               30215912                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      13421306                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          13421306                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1476510                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1476510                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1476510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          13421306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          16794605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              31692421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       198.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2427.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3009.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.008895005250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            10                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            10                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                14104                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 160                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5464                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         267                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5464                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       267                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      28                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     69                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       20.08                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      53319000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    27180000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                155244000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9808.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28558.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3396                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      145                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5464                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   267                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5427                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2065                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     173.745278                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    127.942514                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    167.472036                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           890     43.10%     43.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          687     33.27%     76.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          283     13.70%     90.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           87      4.21%     94.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           47      2.28%     96.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           29      1.40%     97.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           15      0.73%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.39%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           19      0.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2065                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           10                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      516.300000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     184.609101                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     966.717476                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              5     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2     20.00%     70.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2     20.00%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            1     10.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             10                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           10                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.970563                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.054093                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 5     50.00%     50.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 5     50.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             10                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  347904                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1792                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    10880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   349696                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 17088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         30.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      30.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11545754000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2014614.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       155328                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       192576                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        10880                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 13421306.393023906276                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 16639765.528063014150                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 940099.747348192846                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2427                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3037                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          267                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     67661000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     87583000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 170620928750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27878.45                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28838.66                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 639029695.69                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     62.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5312160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2823480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             14080080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              203580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      913355040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1327039230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3326617440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5589431010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         482.961643                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8635153000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    386360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2551727000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9431940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5013195                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             24732960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              683820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      913355040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1897261530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2846430240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5696908725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         492.248387                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7380579250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    386360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3806300750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1086700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1086700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1086775                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1086775                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          23741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              23741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         23741                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             23741                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    581046000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    581046000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    581046000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    581046000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1110441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1110441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1110516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1110516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24474.369235                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24474.369235                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24474.369235                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24474.369235                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10200                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10200                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    533564000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    533564000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    533564000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    533564000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22474.369235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22474.369235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22474.369235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22474.369235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      23485                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          675406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              675406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         16906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             16906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    317921000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    317921000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       692312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          692312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18805.217083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18805.217083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    284109000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    284109000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16805.217083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16805.217083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         411294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             411294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6835                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6835                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    263125000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    263125000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       418129                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         418129                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016347                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016347                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38496.708120                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38496.708120                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6835                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6835                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    249455000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    249455000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016347                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016347                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36496.708120                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36496.708120                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.520552                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1028860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 23485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 43.809240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.520552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1134257                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1134257                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           18314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               31591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          18314                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13277                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              31591                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         29841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             40305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        29841                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            40305                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    531657000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    318559000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    850216000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    531657000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    318559000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    850216000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           71896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          71896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.560601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.560601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17816.326531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30443.329511                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21094.554026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17816.326531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30443.329511                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21094.554026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6274                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6274                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    471977000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    297631000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    769608000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    471977000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    297631000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    769608000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15816.393552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28443.329511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19094.603647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15816.393552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28443.329511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19094.603647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     45175                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          18314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              31591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        29841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            40305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    531657000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    318559000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    850216000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          71896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.560601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17816.326531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30443.329511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21094.554026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    471977000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    297631000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    769608000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15816.393552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28443.329511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19094.603647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10200                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10200                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10200                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10200                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.947794                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  78197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                45175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.730980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    73.810604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.101215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   181.035975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.144161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.494338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.353586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               127783                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              127783                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                71896                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               71895                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10200                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        57682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        96309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  153991                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2172224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3081856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5254080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           240770000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            122896000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           118705000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15395534000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 120205                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34272164                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   224414                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    33.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              462628431                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000185                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7468117                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015396                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15395534000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            890774                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000185                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7468117                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      937156                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            97                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      549238                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            93                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5204945                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           180                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15395523                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15395523                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4543880                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2481240                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       668008                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  69480                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         69480                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               111465                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               55377                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      136634                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7397801                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7397801                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14603538                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5957286                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      936291                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1485274                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     548983                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 22869      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5904877     79.07%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      773      0.01%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       532      0.01%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     282      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    25590      0.34%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      356      0.00%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    13406      0.18%     79.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   14025      0.19%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 156      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   923015     12.36%     92.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  547595      7.33%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               13276      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1388      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7468156                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    29                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        37741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        11931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           49672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        37741                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        11931                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          49672                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2590                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3660                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6250                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159263000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    226569000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    385832000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159263000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    226569000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    385832000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        55922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        55922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.064219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.234751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.111763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.064219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.234751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.111763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61491.505792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61904.098361                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61733.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61491.505792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61904.098361                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61733.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          290                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              290                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3660                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    154083000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    219249000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    373332000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    154083000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    219249000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    373332000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.064219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.234751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.064219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.234751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59491.505792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59904.098361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59733.120000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59491.505792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59904.098361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59733.120000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1218                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        37741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        11931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          49672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3660                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159263000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    226569000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    385832000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        55922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.064219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.234751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.111763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61491.505792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61904.098361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61733.120000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    154083000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    219249000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    373332000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.064219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.234751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59491.505792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59904.098361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59733.120000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8777                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8777                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8777                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8777                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3970.952071                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               8455                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1218                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             6.941708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    15.163713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1742.787727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2213.000632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.106371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.135071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.242368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1439                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3647                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.319336                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            71149                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           71149                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5140947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5140947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5140947                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5140947                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          63998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              63998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         63998                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             63998                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1276591000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1276591000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1276591000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1276591000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5204945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5204945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5204945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5204945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19947.357730                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19947.357730                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19947.357730                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19947.357730                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         63998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1148595000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1148595000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1148595000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1148595000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17947.357730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17947.357730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17947.357730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17947.357730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      63742                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5140947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5140947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         63998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             63998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1276591000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1276591000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5204945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5204945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19947.357730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19947.357730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1148595000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1148595000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17947.357730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17947.357730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.919287                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4863135                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 63742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 76.294045                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.919287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5268943                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5268943                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6250                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6250                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          290                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        12790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        12790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       418560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       418560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  418560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7700000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           33450750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          165760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          234240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              400000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       165760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         165760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        18560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            18560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2590                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3660                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           290                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 290                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           10766759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           15214802                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               25981561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      10766759                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10766759                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1205544                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1205544                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1205544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          10766759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          15214802                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              27187105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       217.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2590.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3630.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.008895005250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            11                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            11                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                16677                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 177                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6250                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         290                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6250                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       290                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      30                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     73                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      61051500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    31100000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                177676500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9815.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28565.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3811                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      160                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  61.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6250                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   290                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2437                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     168.285597                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    125.231672                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    161.190472                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1057     43.37%     43.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          843     34.59%     77.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          313     12.84%     90.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           93      3.82%     94.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           54      2.22%     96.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           33      1.35%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           17      0.70%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.33%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           19      0.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2437                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           11                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      507.636364                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     198.976230                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     917.558747                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              5     45.45%     45.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2     18.18%     63.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      9.09%     72.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2     18.18%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            1      9.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             11                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           11                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.090909                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.061663                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.044466                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 5     45.45%     45.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 6     54.55%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             11                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  398080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    12032                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   400000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 18560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         25.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      25.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15391732000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2353475.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       165760                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       232320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        12032                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 10766758.723666226491                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 15090090.411933746189                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 781525.343648359296                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2590                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3660                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          290                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     72887750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    104788750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 215345885750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28141.99                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28630.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 742572019.83                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5883360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3127080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             15279600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              203580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1215143280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1527503100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4625567040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7392707040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         480.185165                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12010017750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    514020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2871496250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              11516820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6121335                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             29131200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              777780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1215143280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2475168000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3827533440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7565391855                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         491.401718                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9925230500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    514020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4956283500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1452106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1452106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1452181                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1452181                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          34174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              34174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         34174                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             34174                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    794834000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    794834000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    794834000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    794834000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1486280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1486280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1486355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1486355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.022993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23258.442090                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23258.442090                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23258.442090                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23258.442090                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           13820                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 13820                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         34174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        34174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    726488000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    726488000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    726488000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    726488000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21258.500615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21258.500615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21258.500615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21258.500615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      33917                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          911647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              911647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         25434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             25434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    469992000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    469992000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       937081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          937081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.027142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18478.886530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18478.886530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    419124000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    419124000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16478.886530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16478.886530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         540459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             540459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8740                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8740                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    324842000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    324842000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       549199                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         549199                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015914                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015914                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37167.276888                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37167.276888                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    307364000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    307364000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015914                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015914                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35167.505721                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35167.505721                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.136132                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1408082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 33917                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.515523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.136132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1520528                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1520528                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           23667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               42249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          23667                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          18582                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              42249                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         40331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         15592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             55923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        15592                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            55923                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    678386000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    421932000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1100318000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    678386000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    421932000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1100318000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        34174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           98172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        34174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          98172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.569643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.569643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16820.460688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27060.800410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19675.589650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16820.460688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27060.800410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19675.589650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8777                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8777                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    597724000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    390750000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    988474000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    597724000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    390750000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    988474000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.569643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.569643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14820.460688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25060.928681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17675.625414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14820.460688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25060.928681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17675.625414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     63003                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          23667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          18582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              42249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        15592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            55923                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    678386000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    421932000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1100318000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        34174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          98172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.569643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16820.460688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27060.800410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19675.589650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    597724000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    390750000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    988474000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.569643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14820.460688                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25060.928681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17675.625414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13820                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13820                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13820                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13820                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.953847                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 108216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                63003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.717632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    72.802808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.447516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   182.703524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.142193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.495015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.356843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               175507                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              175507                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                98172                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               98171                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         13820                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        82167                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       127996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  210163                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3071552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4095872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7167424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           319990000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            167272000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           170865000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19207498000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 126937                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34273208                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   237660                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    39.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              487619848                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000044                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9361506                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019207                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19207498000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1126928                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000044                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9361506                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1203540                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           121                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      671094                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           111                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6481611                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           182                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19207487                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19207487                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5679201                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3095363                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       839531                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  86761                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         86761                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               138948                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               69080                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      180928                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9274061                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9274061                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18298987                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7474583                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1202403                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1873191                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     670788                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 28811      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7390929     78.95%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      865      0.01%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       609      0.01%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     337      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    31426      0.34%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      494      0.01%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    16986      0.18%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   17715      0.19%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 175      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1185586     12.66%     92.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  669209      7.15%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               16817      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1579      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9361554                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        45919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        17988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           63907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        45919                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        17988                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          63907                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2738                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4351                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7089                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    169099000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    269281000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    438380000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    169099000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    269281000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    438380000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        22339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        70996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        22339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        70996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.056271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.194771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.099851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.056271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.194771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.099851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61760.043828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61889.450701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61839.469601                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61760.043828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61889.450701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61839.469601                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          324                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              324                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    163623000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    260579000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    424202000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    163623000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    260579000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    424202000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.056271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.194771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.056271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.194771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59760.043828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59889.450701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59839.469601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59760.043828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59889.450701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59839.469601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1353                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        45919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        17988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          63907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2738                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    169099000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    269281000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    438380000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        22339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        70996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.056271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.194771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.099851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61760.043828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61889.450701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61839.469601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    163623000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    260579000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    424202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.056271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.194771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59760.043828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59889.450701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59839.469601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11091                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11091                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11091                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11091                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4296.064229                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               9892                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             7.311160                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    14.970345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1777.960738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2503.133145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.108518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.152779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.262211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5943                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1605                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.362732                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            89383                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           89383                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6404453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6404453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6404453                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6404453                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          77158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              77158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         77158                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             77158                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1517137000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1517137000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1517137000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1517137000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6481611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6481611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19662.731019                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19662.731019                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19662.731019                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19662.731019                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         77158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        77158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1362821000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1362821000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1362821000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1362821000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17662.731019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17662.731019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17662.731019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17662.731019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      76902                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6404453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6404453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         77158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             77158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1517137000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1517137000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6481611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19662.731019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19662.731019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        77158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1362821000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1362821000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17662.731019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17662.731019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.133768                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6316385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 76902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 82.135510                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.133768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6558769                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6558769                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7089                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7089                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          324                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        14502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        14502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  14502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       474432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       474432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  474432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8709000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           37948000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          175232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          278464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              453696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       175232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         175232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        20736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            20736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2738                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4351                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7089                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           324                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 324                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            9123104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           14497672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               23620776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       9123104                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           9123104                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1079578                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1079578                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1079578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           9123104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          14497672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              24700354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       245.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2738.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4321.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.018500858500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            13                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            13                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                19366                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 209                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7089                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         324                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7089                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       324                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      30                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     79                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      69879000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    35295000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                202235250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9899.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28649.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4276                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      189                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 77.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7089                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   324                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7050                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2816                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     165.477273                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    123.749144                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    157.292616                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1237     43.93%     43.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          980     34.80%     78.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          346     12.29%     91.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          107      3.80%     94.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           64      2.27%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           36      1.28%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      0.64%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.32%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           19      0.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2816                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean             524                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     217.102690                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     863.438764                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              6     46.15%     46.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2     15.38%     61.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      7.69%     69.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2     15.38%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      7.69%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            1      7.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.076923                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.047616                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.037749                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 6     46.15%     46.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 7     53.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  451776                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    14208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   453696                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 20736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         23.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      23.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19199645000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2589996.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       175232                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       276544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        14208                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 9123103.904527284205                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 14397710.727342000231                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 739711.127394104144                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2738                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4351                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          324                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     77784000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    124451250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 340184431750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28409.06                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28602.91                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1049951949.85                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               7696920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4091010                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             19963440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              287100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1515702240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2082053820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5622371040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9252165570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         481.695511                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14595998000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    641160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3970340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              12409320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6595710                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             30437820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              871740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1515702240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2718475350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5086437120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9370929300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         487.878708                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13195399500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    641160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5370938500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1827179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1827179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1827254                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1827254                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          47332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              47332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         47332                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             47332                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1060678000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1060678000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1060678000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1060678000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1874511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1874511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1874586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1874586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22409.321389                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22409.321389                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22409.321389                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22409.321389                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           17178                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 17178                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         47332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    966016000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    966016000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    966016000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    966016000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20409.363644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20409.363644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20409.363644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20409.363644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      47075                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1166958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1166958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         36507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             36507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    664861000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    664861000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1203465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1203465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.030335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18211.877174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18211.877174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    591849000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    591849000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16211.931958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16211.931958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         660221                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             660221                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10825                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10825                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    395817000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    395817000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       671046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         671046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36565.080831                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36565.080831                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10825                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10825                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    374167000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    374167000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016132                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016132                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34565.080831                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34565.080831                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.506039                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1846835                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 47075                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 39.231758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.506039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1921917                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1921917                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           28501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           24992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               53493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          28501                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          24992                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              53493                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         48657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         22340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             70997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        22340                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            70997                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    796164000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    550986000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1347150000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    796164000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    550986000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1347150000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        47332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          124490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        47332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         124490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.570303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.570303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16362.784389                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24663.652641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18974.745412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16362.784389                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24663.652641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18974.745412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11091                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11091                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        70997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        70997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    698850000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    506308000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1205158000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    698850000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    506308000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1205158000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.570303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.570303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14362.784389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22663.742167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16974.773582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14362.784389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22663.742167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16974.773582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     79985                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          28501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          24992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              53493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        22340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            70997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    796164000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    550986000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1347150000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        47332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         124490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.570303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16362.784389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24663.652641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18974.745412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        70997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    698850000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    506308000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1205158000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.570303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14362.784389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22663.742167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16974.773582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        17178                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        17178                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        17178                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17178                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.558393                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 139469                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                79985                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.743689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    69.049528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.022964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   188.485902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.134862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.492232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.368137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               222165                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              222165                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               124490                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              124489                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         17178                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       111841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       154316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  266157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4128576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4938112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9066688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           385790000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            210380000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           236655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                23044366000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 135212                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34273712                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   253148                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    44.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              519310373                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11233423                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.023044                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23044366000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1355238                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11233423                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1459459                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           154                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      799879                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           127                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7768303                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           183                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         23044355                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   23044355                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6788510                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3706074                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1006313                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 101313                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        101313                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               161946                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               80670                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      220166                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11130287                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11130287                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21974835                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8973129                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1458186                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2257703                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     799517                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 34186      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8861653     78.89%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      997      0.01%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       707      0.01%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     389      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    36256      0.32%     79.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      770      0.01%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    19868      0.18%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   20720      0.18%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 214      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1438270     12.80%     92.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  797747      7.10%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               19916      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1770      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11233479                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        55006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        24165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           79171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        55006                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        24165                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          79171                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2827                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4917                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7744                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    174962000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    304926000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    479888000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    174962000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    304926000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    479888000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        57833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        86915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        57833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        86915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.048882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.169074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.089099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.048882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.169074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.089099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61889.635656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62014.643075                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61969.008264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61889.635656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62014.643075                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61969.008264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          332                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              332                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2827                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    169308000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    295092000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    464400000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    169308000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    295092000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    464400000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.048882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.169074                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.048882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.169074                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59889.635656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60014.643075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59969.008264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59889.635656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60014.643075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59969.008264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1514                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        55006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        24165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          79171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    174962000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    304926000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    479888000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        57833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        86915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.048882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.169074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.089099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61889.635656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62014.643075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61969.008264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    169308000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    295092000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    464400000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.048882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.169074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59889.635656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60014.643075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59969.008264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13601                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13601                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13601                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13601                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4612.105739                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              12271                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             8.105020                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    14.973924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1805.130311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2792.001504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.110176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.170410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.281501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1590                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4655                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.393311                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           108474                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          108474                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7676771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7676771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7676771                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7676771                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          91532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              91532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         91532                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             91532                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1775388000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1775388000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1775388000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1775388000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7768303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7768303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7768303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7768303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19396.364113                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19396.364113                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19396.364113                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19396.364113                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        91532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         91532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        91532                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        91532                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1592326000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1592326000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1592326000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1592326000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17396.385963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17396.385963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17396.385963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17396.385963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      91275                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7676771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7676771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         91532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             91532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1775388000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1775388000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7768303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7768303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19396.364113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19396.364113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        91532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        91532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1592326000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1592326000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17396.385963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17396.385963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.277995                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7496801                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 91275                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 82.134221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.277995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7859834                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7859834                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7744                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7744                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          332                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        15820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        15820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  15820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       516864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       516864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  516864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             9404000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           41461000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          180928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          314688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              495616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       180928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         180928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        21248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            21248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2827                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7744                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           332                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 332                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7851290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           13655746                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               21507036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7851290                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7851290                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          922047                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                922047                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          922047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7851290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          13655746                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              22429083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       253.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2827.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4886.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.018500858500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            13                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            13                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                21668                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 209                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7744                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         332                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7744                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       332                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      31                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     79                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      77281500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    38565000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                221900250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10019.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28769.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4636                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      189                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 74.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7744                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   332                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7704                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3110                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     163.292605                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    122.541191                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    154.273674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1381     44.41%     44.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1090     35.05%     79.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          360     11.58%     91.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          124      3.99%     95.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           72      2.32%     97.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           37      1.19%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      0.58%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.29%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           19      0.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3110                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean             524                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     217.102690                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     863.438764                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              6     46.15%     46.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2     15.38%     61.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      7.69%     69.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2     15.38%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      7.69%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            1      7.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.076923                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.047616                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.037749                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 6     46.15%     46.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 7     53.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  493632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    14208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   495616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 21248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         21.42                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      21.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.92                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    23007559000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2848880.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       180928                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       312704                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        14208                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7851289.985586932860                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 13569650.820508578792                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 616549.832614184357                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2827                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4917                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          332                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     80673250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    141227000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 340184431750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28536.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28722.19                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1024651902.86                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               8753640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4652670                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             22548120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              287100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1818719760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2458772520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6778491360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11092225170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         481.342171                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17597895000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    769340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4677131000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              13451760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7149780                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             32522700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              871740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1818719760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3031899540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6295858080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11200473360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         486.039553                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16336323750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    769340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5938702250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2198646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2198646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2198721                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2198721                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          60561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              60561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         60561                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             60561                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1320866000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1320866000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1320866000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1320866000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2259207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2259207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2259282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2259282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21810.505111                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21810.505111                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21810.505111                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21810.505111                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           21000                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 21000                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         60561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        60561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1199744000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1199744000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1199744000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1199744000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19810.505111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19810.505111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19810.505111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19810.505111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      60305                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1412156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1412156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         47228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             47228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    854264000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    854264000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1459384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1459384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18088.083340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18088.083340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        47228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    759808000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    759808000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16088.083340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16088.083340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         786490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             786490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        13333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            13333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    466602000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    466602000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       799823                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         799823                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016670                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016670                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34996.024901                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34996.024901                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    439936000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    439936000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016670                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016670                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32996.024901                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32996.024901                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.754783                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2237261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 60305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.099096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.754783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2319843                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2319843                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           33698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           31479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               65177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          33698                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          31479                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              65177                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         57834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         29082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             86916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        57834                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            86916                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    921137000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    673158000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1594295000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    921137000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    673158000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1594295000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        91532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        60561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          152093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        91532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        60561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         152093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.631845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.571466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.631845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.571466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15927.257323                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23146.894987                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18342.940310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15927.257323                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23146.894987                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18342.940310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          13601                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                13601                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        57834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        86916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        57834                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        86916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    805471000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    614994000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1420465000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    805471000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    614994000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1420465000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.631845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.631845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13927.291904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21146.894987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16342.963321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13927.291904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21146.894987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16342.963321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     98083                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          33698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          31479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              65177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        57834                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            86916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    921137000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    673158000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1594295000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        91532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        60561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         152093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.631845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.571466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15927.257323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23146.894987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18342.940310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        57834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        86916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    805471000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    614994000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1420465000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.631845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13927.291904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21146.894987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16342.963321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        21000                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        21000                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        21000                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21000                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.964919                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 170601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                98083                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.739353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    66.961964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   249.737238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   193.265717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.130785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.487768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.377472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               271688                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              271688                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               152093                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              152092                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         21000                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       142122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       183063                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  325185                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5219904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5857984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 11077888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           457655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            257093000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           302805000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                26846052000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 139981                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34274180                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   261439                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    50.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              536847094                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13073730                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.026846                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26846052000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1575890                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13073730                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1699826                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           160                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      931623                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           139                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9063726                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           184                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         26846052                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   26846052                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7919169                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4334652                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1175418                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 113507                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        113507                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               181441                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               90306                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      248938                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12956928                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12956928                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25602448                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10447881                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1698437                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2629626                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     931189                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 38706      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10315792     78.90%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1174      0.01%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       924      0.01%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     429      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    40204      0.31%     79.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      820      0.01%     79.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    22518      0.17%     79.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   23357      0.18%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 226      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1676055     12.82%     92.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  929265      7.11%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               22382      0.17%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1924      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13073792                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        65082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        27523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           92605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        65082                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        27523                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          92605                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3250                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5345                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8595                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    202051000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    331457000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    533508000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    202051000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    331457000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    533508000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       101200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       101200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.047562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.162620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.084931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.047562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.162620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.084931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62169.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62012.535080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62071.902269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62169.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62012.535080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62071.902269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          574                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              574                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    195551000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    320767000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    516318000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    195551000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    320767000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    516318000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.047562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.162620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.047562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.162620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60169.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60012.535080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60071.902269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60169.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60012.535080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60071.902269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2338                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        65082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        27523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          92605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8595                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    202051000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    331457000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    533508000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       101200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.047562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.162620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.084931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62169.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62012.535080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62071.902269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    195551000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    320767000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    516318000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.047562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.162620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60169.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60012.535080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60071.902269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15261                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15261                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15261                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15261                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26846052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4890.895341                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             116461                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             9034                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            12.891410                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    16.066266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1818.280314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3056.548761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.110979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.186557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.298517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6696                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.408691                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           125495                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          125495                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26846052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8955296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8955296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8955296                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8955296                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         108430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             108430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        108430                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            108430                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2097519000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2097519000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2097519000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2097519000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9063726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9063726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9063726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9063726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19344.452642                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19344.452642                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19344.452642                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19344.452642                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       108430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        108430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       108430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       108430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1880659000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1880659000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1880659000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1880659000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17344.452642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17344.452642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17344.452642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17344.452642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     108174                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8955296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8955296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        108430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            108430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2097519000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2097519000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9063726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9063726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19344.452642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19344.452642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       108430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       108430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1880659000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1880659000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17344.452642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17344.452642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26846052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.380239                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9063726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                108430                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 83.590575                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.380239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9172156                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9172156                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26846052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8595                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8595                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          574                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        17764                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        17764                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  17764                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       586816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       586816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  586816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           46018750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26846052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          208000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          342080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              550080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       208000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         208000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        36736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            36736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8595                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           574                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 574                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7747880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           12742283                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               20490164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7747880                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7747880                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1368395                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1368395                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1368395                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7747880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          12742283                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              21858559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       359.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3250.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5288.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.024576262500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            19                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            19                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                24536                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 311                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8595                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         574                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8595                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       574                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      57                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    215                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 73                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      87307000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    42690000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                247394500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10225.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28975.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5112                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      277                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  59.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 77.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8595                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   574                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3477                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     163.175151                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    121.956076                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    154.460390                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1574     45.27%     45.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1180     33.94%     79.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          396     11.39%     90.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          153      4.40%     95.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           85      2.44%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           40      1.15%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           19      0.55%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.26%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           21      0.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3477                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           19                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      442.210526                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     188.849165                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     742.866040                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              8     42.11%     42.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3     15.79%     57.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2     10.53%     68.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      5.26%     73.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2     10.53%     84.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2     10.53%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            1      5.26%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             19                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           19                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.368421                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.342794                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.955134                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 6     31.58%     31.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                13     68.42%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             19                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  546432                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     3648                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    21120                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   550080                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 36736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         20.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      20.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    26844357000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2927730.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       208000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       338432                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        21120                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7747880.395970327780                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 12606397.395043414086                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 786707.855590833235                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3250                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5345                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          574                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     93650500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    153744000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 590108145250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28815.54                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28764.08                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1028062970.82                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               8810760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4683030                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             22576680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              365400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2118664080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2525026470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        8182546080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12862672500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         479.127154                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21247507500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    896220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4702324500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              16029300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               8512185                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             38384640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1357200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2118664080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3628411380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7253379840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13064738625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         486.654001                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18818978500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    896220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7130853500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26846052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26846052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26846052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2562925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2562925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2563000                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2563000                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          68387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              68387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         68387                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             68387                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1479167000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1479167000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1479167000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1479167000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2631312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2631312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2631387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2631387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21629.359381                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21629.359381                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21629.359381                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21629.359381                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           23707                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 23707                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         68387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        68387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1342393000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1342393000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1342393000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1342393000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19629.359381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19629.359381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19629.359381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19629.359381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      68131                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1646583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1646583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         53168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             53168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    958782000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    958782000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1699751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1699751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.031280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18033.065002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18033.065002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        53168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    852446000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    852446000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16033.065002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16033.065002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         916342                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             916342                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        15219                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            15219                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    520385000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    520385000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       931561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         931561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016337                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016337                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34193.113871                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34193.113871                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        15219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    489947000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    489947000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016337                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016337                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32193.113871                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32193.113871                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26846052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.931119                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2631387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 68387                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 38.477883                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.931119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2699774                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2699774                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26846052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26846052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26846052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           40098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           35519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               75617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          40098                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          35519                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              75617                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         68332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         32868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            101200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           101200                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1083867000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    748051000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1831918000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1083867000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    748051000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1831918000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       108430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        68387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          176817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       108430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        68387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         176817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.572343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.572343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15861.777791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22759.249118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18101.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15861.777791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22759.249118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18101.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          15261                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                15261                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       101200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       101200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    947203000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    682315000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1629518000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    947203000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    682315000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1629518000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.572343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.572343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13861.777791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20759.249118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16101.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13861.777791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20759.249118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16101.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    113804                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          40098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          35519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              75617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           101200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1083867000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    748051000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1831918000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       108430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        68387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         176817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.572343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15861.777791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22759.249118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18101.956522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       101200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    947203000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    682315000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1629518000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.572343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13861.777791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20759.249118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16101.956522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23707                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23707                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23707                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23707                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26846052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.253108                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 200524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               114316                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.754120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    66.663069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.907474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   192.682565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.130201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.490054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.376333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               314840                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              314840                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26846052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               176817                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              176817                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         23707                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       160481                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       216860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  377341                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5894016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6939520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 12833536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           542150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            295352000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           341935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26846052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26846052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26846052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  26846052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
