
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4833143000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  86011                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34286552                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   155201                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    11.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              415690377                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1804475                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004833                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4833143000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            205593                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1804475                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      210775                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           104                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      156157                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           132                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1332480                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1110                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4833132                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4833132                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1099309                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              688280                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       162376                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  25985                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         25985                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                33304                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               10256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       26893                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1784264                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1784264                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3577239                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1465055                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      210660                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        366815                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     156155                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 10803      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1398688     77.51%     78.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1046      0.06%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     17600      0.98%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     477      0.03%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        8      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     2091      0.12%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     1832      0.10%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    5173      0.29%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      3      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   208987     11.58%     91.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  142260      7.88%     99.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                1673      0.09%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              13895      0.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1804536                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    44                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        28708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         6514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           35222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        28708                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6514                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          35222                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3118                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3946                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7064                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    190365000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    234923000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    425288000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    190365000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    234923000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    425288000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        31826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        42286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        31826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        42286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.097970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.377247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.167053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.097970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.377247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.167053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61053.559974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59534.465281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60204.983012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61053.559974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59534.465281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60204.983012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           38                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               38                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    184129000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    227031000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    411160000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    184129000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    227031000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    411160000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.097970                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.377247                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.097970                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.377247                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59053.559974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57534.465281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58204.983012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59053.559974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57534.465281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58204.983012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   306                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        28708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         6514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          35222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    190365000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    234923000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    425288000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        31826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        42286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.097970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.377247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.167053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61053.559974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59534.465281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60204.983012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    184129000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    227031000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    411160000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.097970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.377247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59053.559974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57534.465281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58204.983012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7570                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7570                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7570                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7570                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4833143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3941.135578                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1627                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              306                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.316993                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.512391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1573.227635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2365.395552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.048011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.072186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.120274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6791                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          810                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5952                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.207245                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            56953                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           56953                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4833143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1290556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1290556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1290556                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1290556                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          41924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              41924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         41924                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             41924                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    941731000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    941731000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    941731000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    941731000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1332480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1332480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22462.813663                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22462.813663                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22462.813663                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22462.813663                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         41924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    857885000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    857885000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    857885000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    857885000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20462.861368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20462.861368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20462.861368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20462.861368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      41667                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1290556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1290556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         41924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             41924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    941731000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    941731000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1332480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.031463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22462.813663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22462.813663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    857885000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    857885000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20462.861368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20462.861368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4833143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               250.789059                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1322210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 41667                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 31.732786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.789059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.979645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.979645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1374403                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1374403                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4833143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7064                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7064                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           38                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        14166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        14166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  14166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       454528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       454528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  454528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7254000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           37650500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4833143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          199552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          252544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              452096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       199552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         199552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         2432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             2432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            38                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  38                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           41288247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           52252540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               93540787                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      41288247                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          41288247                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          503192                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                503192                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          503192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          41288247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          52252540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              94043979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        27.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3118.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3945.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                15404                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7064                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          38                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7064                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        38                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     11                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        8.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      57422750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    35315000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                189854000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8130.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26880.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5014                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  70.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7064                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    38                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7060                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2049                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     220.611030                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    142.544960                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    254.135809                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           834     40.70%     40.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          690     33.67%     74.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          185      9.03%     83.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           96      4.69%     88.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           57      2.78%     90.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           34      1.66%     92.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           20      0.98%     93.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           14      0.68%     94.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          119      5.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2049                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  452032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   452096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  2432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         93.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      93.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4819491000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      678610.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       199552                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       252480                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 41288246.592331327498                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 52239298.526859231293                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3118                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3946                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           38                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     86416000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    103438000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27715.20                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26213.38                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     70.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               7454160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3961980                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             23940420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      381076800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1161701610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         877652160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2455787130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         508.113898                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2270197250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    161200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2401745750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               7175700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3813975                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             26489400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      381076800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1034448540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         984812640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2437817055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         504.395805                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2549832250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    161200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2122110750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4833143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4833143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4833143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           349620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               349620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          350169                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              350169                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          16420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              16420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         16702                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             16702                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    499573000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    499573000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    519591000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    519591000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       366040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           366040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       366871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          366871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.044858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.045526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30424.665043                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30424.665043                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31109.507843                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31109.507843                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9112                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9112                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         16420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    466733000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    466733000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    486187000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    486187000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28424.665043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28424.665043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29109.507843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29109.507843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      16446                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          198908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              198908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         11036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             11036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    224521000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    224521000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       209944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          209944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.052566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20344.418267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20344.418267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    202449000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    202449000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18344.418267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18344.418267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         150712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             150712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    275052000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    275052000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       156096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         156096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034492                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.034492                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51086.924220                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51086.924220                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264284000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    264284000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034492                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034492                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49086.924220                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49086.924220                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           549                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               549                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     20018000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     20018000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          831                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           831                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.339350                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.339350                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70985.815603                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70985.815603                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19454000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19454000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.339350                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339350                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68985.815603                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68985.815603                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4833143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.800744                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  359411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 16446                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 21.854007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.800744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                383573                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               383573                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4833143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4833143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4833143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           10097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          10097                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6242                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16339                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         31827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             42287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            42287                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    597867000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363011000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    960878000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    597867000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363011000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    960878000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           58626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          58626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.721301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.721301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18784.899614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34704.684512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22722.775321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18784.899614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34704.684512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22722.775321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7570                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7570                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        42287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    534215000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    342091000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    876306000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    534215000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    342091000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    876306000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16784.962453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32704.684512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20722.822617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16784.962453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32704.684512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20722.822617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     47472                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          10097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            42287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    597867000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363011000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    960878000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          58626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.721301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18784.899614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34704.684512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22722.775321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    534215000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    342091000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    876306000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16784.962453                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32704.684512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20722.822617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4833143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.479542                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  66860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                47472                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.408409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    96.607070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   228.019765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   181.852707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.188686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.445351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.355181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.989218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          261                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               115722                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              115722                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4833143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                58626                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               58625                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9112                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        83847                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  126363                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1652096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2683072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4335168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           209615000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            104186000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            83510000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4833143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4833143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4833143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4833143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 9721568000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  95355                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34317752                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   174394                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    20.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              463495022                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3657819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.009722                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  9721568000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            427740                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3657819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      452187                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           393                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      313257                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           174                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2688069                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          3982                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          9721557                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    9721557                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2221688                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1331575                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       334624                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  41741                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         41741                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                52406                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               16118                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       55155                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3625523                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3625523                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7204384                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2941682                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      452058                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        765311                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     313253                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 16604      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2835621     77.52%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2469      0.07%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     23291      0.64%     78.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     843      0.02%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       10      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     2949      0.08%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2506      0.07%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    8257      0.23%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      4      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   3      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  22      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  3      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   449316     12.28%     91.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  290137      7.93%     99.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2742      0.07%     99.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              23116      0.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3657894                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    69                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        63492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        18383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           81875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        63492                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        18383                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          81875                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         5550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         10506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5550                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4956                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        10506                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    337730000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    294750000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    632480000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    337730000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    294750000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    632480000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        92381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        92381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.080386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.212348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.113725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.080386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.212348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.113725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60852.252252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59473.365617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60201.789454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60852.252252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59473.365617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60201.789454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          234                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              234                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        10506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        10506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    326630000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    284838000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    611468000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    326630000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    284838000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    611468000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.080386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.212348                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.080386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.212348                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58852.252252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57473.365617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58201.789454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58852.252252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57473.365617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58201.789454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1505                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        63492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        18383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          81875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        10506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    337730000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    294750000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    632480000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        92381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.080386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.212348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.113725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60852.252252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59473.365617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60201.789454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    326630000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    284838000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    611468000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.080386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.212348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58852.252252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57473.365617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58201.789454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15888                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15888                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15888                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15888                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9721568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6036.839628                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              15057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            10.004651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     5.634206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2752.265102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3278.940320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.083992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.100065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.184230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         9119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8723                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.278290                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           118893                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          118893                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9721568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2599370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2599370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2599370                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2599370                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          88699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              88699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         88699                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             88699                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1936929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1936929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1936929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1936929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2688069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2688069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2688069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2688069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.032997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.032997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21837.100756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21837.100756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21837.100756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21837.100756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         88699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        88699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1759531000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1759531000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1759531000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1759531000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19837.100756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19837.100756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19837.100756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19837.100756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      88443                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2599370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2599370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         88699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             88699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1936929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1936929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2688069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2688069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21837.100756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21837.100756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        88699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1759531000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1759531000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19837.100756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19837.100756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9721568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.409346                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2665841                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 88443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 30.141911                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.409346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.989880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2776768                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2776768                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9721568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10506                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10506                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          234                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        21246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        21246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  21246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       687360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       687360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  687360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11676000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           55981250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9721568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          355200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          317184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              672384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       355200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         355200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        14976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            14976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           234                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 234                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           36537316                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           32626836                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               69164151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      36537316                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          36537316                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1540492                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1540492                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1540492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          36537316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          32626836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              70704644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       209.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5550.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4916.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004392544500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            11                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            11                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                23659                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 182                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10506                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         234                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10506                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       234                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     25                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       16.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      86491750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    52330000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                282729250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8264.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27014.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7415                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      168                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  70.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10506                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   234                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    10463                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3073                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     221.677839                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    143.997720                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    250.184477                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1252     40.74%     40.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          990     32.22%     72.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          310     10.09%     83.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          150      4.88%     87.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           91      2.96%     90.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           63      2.05%     92.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           33      1.07%     94.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           23      0.75%     94.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          161      5.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3073                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           11                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean             950                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     268.803004                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    2121.607409                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255              7     63.64%     63.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2     18.18%     81.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      9.09%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423            1      9.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             11                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           11                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.545455                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.527314                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.820200                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 2     18.18%     18.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      9.09%     27.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 8     72.73%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             11                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  669824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    12352                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   672384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 14976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         68.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      69.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     9721444000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      905162.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       355200                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       314624                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        12352                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 36537315.791032887995                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 32363503.500669851899                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1270576.927507990506                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5550                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4956                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          234                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    152730750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    129998500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 152258824500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27519.05                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26230.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 650678737.18                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     71.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              11731020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6235185                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             38727360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              736020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      767070720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1899867570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2133193920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4857561795                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         499.668551                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5526691250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    324480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3870396750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              10231620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5426850                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             35999880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              271440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      767070720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1623431250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2365982400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4808414160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         494.613025                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6134489000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    324480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3262599000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9721568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9721568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9721568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           726172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               726172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          727499                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              727499                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          37349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              37349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         37870                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             37870                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    922489000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    922489000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    946730000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    946730000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       763521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           763521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       765369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          765369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.048917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.049479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24699.161959                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24699.161959                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24999.471877                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24999.471877                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           19247                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 19247                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    847791000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    847791000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    870992000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    870992000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22699.161959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22699.161959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22999.524690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22999.524690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      37613                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          423005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              423005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         27334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             27334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    523525000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    523525000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       450339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          450339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.060696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.060696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19152.886515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19152.886515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    468857000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    468857000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.060696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17152.886515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17152.886515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         303167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             303167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10015                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10015                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    398964000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    398964000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       313182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         313182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39836.645032                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39836.645032                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    378934000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    378934000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031978                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031978                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37836.645032                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37836.645032                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1327                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1327                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          521                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             521                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     24241000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     24241000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1848                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1848                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.281926                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.281926                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46527.831094                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46527.831094                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          521                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     23201000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23201000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.281926                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281926                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44531.669866                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44531.669866                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9721568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.906625                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  751421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 37613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 19.977694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.906625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                803238                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               803238                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9721568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9721568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9721568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           19657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           14530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               34187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          19657                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          14530                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              34187                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         69042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         23340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             92382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            92382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1224176000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    588245000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1812421000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1224176000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    588245000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1812421000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          126569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         126569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.729894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.729894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17730.888445                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25203.299057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19618.767725                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17730.888445                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25203.299057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19618.767725                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          15888                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                15888                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1086092000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    541567000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1627659000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1086092000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    541567000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1627659000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.729894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.729894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15730.888445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23203.384747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17618.789375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15730.888445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23203.384747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17618.789375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    104383                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          19657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          14530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              34187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            92382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1224176000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    588245000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1812421000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         126569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.729894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17730.888445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25203.299057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19618.767725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1086092000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    541567000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1627659000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.729894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15730.888445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23203.384747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17618.789375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9721568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.255467                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 145145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               104383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.390504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    78.645381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   285.990334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   144.619752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.153604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.558575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.282460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          270                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               250711                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              250711                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9721568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               126569                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              126568                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         19247                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        94986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       177398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  272384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3655424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5676736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9332160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           443495000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            222804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           189345000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9721568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9721568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9721568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   9721568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                14557845000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  98445                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34318540                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   181485                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    30.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              477659035                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000312                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5531203                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.014558                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14557845000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            652474                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000312                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5531203                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      694975                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           643                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      472532                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           243                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4048872                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          6061                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         14557834                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   14557834                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3363537                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1972769                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       509050                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  63234                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         63234                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                79565                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               25875                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       82521                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5483861                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5483861                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10862383                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4428448                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      694692                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1167218                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     472526                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 22861      0.41%      0.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4286929     77.50%     77.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4149      0.08%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     27900      0.50%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1335      0.02%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4636      0.08%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     3786      0.07%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   12406      0.22%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   6      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  44      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   2      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  6      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   689977     12.47%     91.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  438523      7.93%     99.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4715      0.09%     99.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              34003      0.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5531303                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    91                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst       100132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        27398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          127530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst       100132                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        27398                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         127530                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         6163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         12722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6163                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6559                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        12722                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    378010000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    388550000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    766560000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    378010000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    388550000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    766560000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       140252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       140252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.057980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.193156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.090708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.057980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.193156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.090708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61335.388609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59239.213295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60254.676938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61335.388609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59239.213295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60254.676938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          462                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              462                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        12722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        12722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    365684000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    375432000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    741116000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    365684000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    375432000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    741116000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.057980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.193156                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.057980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.193156                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59335.388609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57239.213295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58254.676938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59335.388609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57239.213295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58254.676938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2559                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst       100132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        27398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         127530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6559                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        12722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    378010000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    388550000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    766560000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       140252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.057980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.193156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.090708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61335.388609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59239.213295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60254.676938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    365684000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    375432000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    741116000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.057980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.193156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59335.388609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57239.213295                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58254.676938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23037                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23037                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23037                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23037                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14557845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7337.779083                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              22991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             8.984369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     8.015296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  3329.635094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4000.128693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.101612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.122074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.223931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        10353                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6003                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.315948                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           176201                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          176201                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14557845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3910054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3910054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3910054                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3910054                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         138818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             138818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        138818                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            138818                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2878824000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2878824000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2878824000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2878824000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4048872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4048872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4048872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4048872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.034286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.034286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20738.117535                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20738.117535                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20738.117535                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20738.117535                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        138818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       138818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2601188000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2601188000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2601188000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2601188000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18738.117535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18738.117535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18738.117535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18738.117535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     138562                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3910054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3910054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        138818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            138818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2878824000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2878824000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4048872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4048872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20738.117535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20738.117535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       138818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2601188000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2601188000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18738.117535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18738.117535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14557845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.269990                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4021670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                138562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 29.024336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.269990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4187690                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4187690                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14557845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               12722                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              12722                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          462                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        25906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        25906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  25906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       843776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       843776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  843776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            15032000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           67767500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14557845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          394432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          419776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              814208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       394432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         394432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        29568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            29568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6559                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                12722                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           462                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 462                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           27094120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           28835037                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               55929157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      27094120                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          27094120                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         2031070                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               2031070                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         2031070                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          27094120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          28835037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              57960227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       428.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6163.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6510.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004392544500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            23                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            23                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                29542                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 384                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        12722                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         462                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      12722                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       462                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      49                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     34                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       19.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     105446250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    63365000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                343065000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8320.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27070.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8984                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      334                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  70.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  12722                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   462                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    12670                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3762                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     222.519936                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    142.124968                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    256.757164                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1593     42.34%     42.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1175     31.23%     73.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          348      9.25%     82.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          178      4.73%     87.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          109      2.90%     90.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           75      1.99%     92.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           38      1.01%     93.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           31      0.82%     94.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          215      5.72%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3762                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      549.869565                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     201.507799                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1484.667802                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255             16     69.57%     69.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            5     21.74%     91.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      4.35%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423            1      4.35%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.695652                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.681583                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.702902                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 3     13.04%     13.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      4.35%     17.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                19     82.61%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  811072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     3136                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    26048                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   814208                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 29568                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         55.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      55.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       2.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14514522000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1100919.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       394432                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       416640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        26048                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 27094120.043179467320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 28619620.555102765560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1789275.816578621278                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6163                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6559                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          462                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    172555500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    170509500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 264356607000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27998.62                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25996.26                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 572200448.05                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     71.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              14230020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7563435                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             46381440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1216260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1148762160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2420726730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3551705760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7190585805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         493.932021                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9208622750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    485940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4863282250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              12630660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6713355                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             44103780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              908280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1148762160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2114757000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3809364480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7137239715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         490.267599                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9881808500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    485940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4190096500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14557845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14557845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14557845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1109066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1109066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1111492                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1111492                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          55029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              55029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         55915                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             55915                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1313561000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1313561000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1350794000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1350794000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1164095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1164095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1167407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1167407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.047272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.047897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23870.341093                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23870.341093                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24157.989806                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24157.989806                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           27853                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 27853                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         55029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1203505000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1203505000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1238966000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1238966000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21870.377437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21870.377437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22158.025575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22158.025575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      55658                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          651285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              651285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         40378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             40378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    754638000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    754638000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       691663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          691663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.058378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.058378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18689.335777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18689.335777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        40378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    673884000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    673884000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.058378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16689.385309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16689.385309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         457781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             457781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        14651                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            14651                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    558923000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    558923000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       472432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         472432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38149.136578                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38149.136578                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    529621000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    529621000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36149.136578                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36149.136578                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          2426                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              2426                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          886                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             886                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     37233000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     37233000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3312                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3312                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.267512                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.267512                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42023.702032                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42023.702032                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          886                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          886                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     35461000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35461000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.267512                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.267512                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40023.702032                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40023.702032                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14557845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.269856                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1134987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 55658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 20.392163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.269856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1223321                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1223321                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14557845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14557845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14557845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           32523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           21957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               54480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          32523                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          21957                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              54480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        106295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         33958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            140253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           140253                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1747519000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    816873000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2564392000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1747519000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    816873000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2564392000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          194733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         194733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.720232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.720232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16440.274707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24055.391955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18284.043835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16440.274707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24055.391955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18284.043835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          23037                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                23037                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       140253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       140253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1534929000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    748959000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2283888000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1534929000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    748959000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2283888000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14440.274707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22055.450851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16284.058095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14440.274707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22055.450851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16284.058095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    158152                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          32523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          21957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              54480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           140253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1747519000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    816873000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2564392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         194733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.720232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16440.274707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24055.391955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18284.043835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       140253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1534929000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    748959000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2283888000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14440.274707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22055.450851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16284.058095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14557845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.167231                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 220306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               158152                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.393002                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    73.232675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   297.778658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   139.155898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.143033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.581599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.271789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          283                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               381250                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              381250                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14557845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               194733                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              194732                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         27853                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       139682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       277636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  417318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5361088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8884352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 14245440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           694090000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            333998000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           279570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14557845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14557845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14557845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  14557845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19001719000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 101810                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34320112                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   190353                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    39.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              483601952                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000317                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7479360                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019002                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19001719000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            895267                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000317                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7479360                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      932194                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           700                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      613152                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           268                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5407681                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          6266                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19001708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19001708                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4638479                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2621310                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       700707                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  94269                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         94269                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               128788                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               49951                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      108952                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7403974                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7403974                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14593195                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5969375                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      931116                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1544257                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     613141                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30375      0.41%      0.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5827617     77.91%     78.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5114      0.07%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     29856      0.40%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2403      0.03%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    10184      0.14%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        6      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7628      0.10%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   21938      0.29%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   9      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  48      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   3      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  8      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   923132     12.34%     91.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  574235      7.68%     99.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                7984      0.11%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              38906      0.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7479471                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   100                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst       126746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        33776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          160522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst       126746                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        33776                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         160522                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         6722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         14213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6722                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7491                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        14213                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    413901000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    441359000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    855260000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    413901000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    441359000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    855260000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       133468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        41267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       174735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       133468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        41267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       174735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.181525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.081340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.181525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.081340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61574.085094                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58918.568949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60174.488145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61574.085094                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58918.568949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60174.488145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          714                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              714                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        14213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        14213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    400457000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    426377000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    826834000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    400457000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    426377000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    826834000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.181525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.181525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59574.085094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56918.568949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58174.488145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59574.085094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56918.568949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58174.488145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  3600                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst       126746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        33776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         160522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7491                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        14213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    413901000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    441359000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    855260000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       133468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        41267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       174735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.181525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.081340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61574.085094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58918.568949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60174.488145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    400457000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    426377000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    826834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.181525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59574.085094                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56918.568949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58174.488145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        28406                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        28406                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        28406                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        28406                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19001719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         8092.638047                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              34511                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             3600                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             9.586389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    11.162890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  3550.461454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4531.013703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.108351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.138276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.246968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        10955                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          725                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7982                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.334320                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           217696                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          217696                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19001719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5230267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5230267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5230267                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5230267                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         177414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             177414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        177414                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            177414                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3602534000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3602534000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3602534000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3602534000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5407681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5407681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5407681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5407681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.032808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.032808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20305.804502                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20305.804502                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20305.804502                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20305.804502                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       177414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        177414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       177414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       177414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3247708000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3247708000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3247708000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3247708000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18305.815776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18305.815776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18305.815776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18305.815776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     177157                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5230267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5230267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        177414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            177414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3602534000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3602534000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5407681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5407681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20305.804502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20305.804502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       177414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       177414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3247708000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3247708000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18305.815776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18305.815776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19001719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.674582                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5387276                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                177157                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 30.409614                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.674582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5585094                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5585094                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19001719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               14213                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14213                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          714                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        29140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        29140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  29140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       955328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       955328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  955328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            17783000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           75685750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19001719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          430208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          479424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              909632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       430208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         430208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        45696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            45696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6722                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                14213                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           714                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 714                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           22640478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           25230559                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               47871037                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      22640478                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          22640478                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         2404835                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               2404835                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         2404835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          22640478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          25230559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              50275872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       599.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6722.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7418.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006094422500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            33                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            33                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                33865                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 547                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        14213                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         714                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      14213                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       714                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      73                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    115                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       20.81                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     117213750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    70700000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                382338750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8289.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27039.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     10058                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      476                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  71.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 79.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  14213                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   714                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    14137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4185                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     225.093429                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    142.364905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    261.375734                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1798     42.96%     42.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1269     30.32%     73.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          386      9.22%     82.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          196      4.68%     87.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          122      2.92%     90.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           80      1.91%     92.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           45      1.08%     93.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           36      0.86%     93.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          253      6.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4185                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      428.121212                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     161.173312                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1247.085321                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255             23     69.70%     69.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            8     24.24%     93.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      3.03%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423            1      3.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.545455                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.525473                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.832575                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 7     21.21%     21.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      3.03%     24.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                25     75.76%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  904960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     4672                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    37056                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   909632                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 45696                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         47.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      47.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       2.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18952438000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1269674.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       430208                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       474752                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        37056                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 22640477.948337201029                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 24984686.911747299135                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1950139.353181677870                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6722                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7491                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          714                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    189805500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    192533250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 382247535000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28236.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25701.94                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 535360693.28                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     71.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              16129260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               8572905                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             51629340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1931400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1499721600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2873303880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4877036160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9328324545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         490.920034                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12649514250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    634400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5717804750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              13751640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7309170                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             49330260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1090980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1499721600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2351910060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5316104640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9239218350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         486.230659                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13796358500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    634400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4570960500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19001719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19001719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19001719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1473219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1473219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1476353                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1476353                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          67825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              67825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         68882                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             68882                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1582277000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1582277000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1625905000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1625905000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1541044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1541044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1545235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1545235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.044012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.044577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23328.816808                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23328.816808                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23604.207195                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23604.207195                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           34470                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 34470                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        67825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         67825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        68882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1446627000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1446627000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1488141000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1488141000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21328.816808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21328.816808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21604.207195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21604.207195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      68626                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          877767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              877767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         50235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             50235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    936535000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    936535000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       928002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          928002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.054132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18643.077536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18643.077536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        50235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    836065000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    836065000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16643.077536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16643.077536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         595452                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             595452                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        17590                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            17590                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    645742000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    645742000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       613042                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         613042                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028693                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.028693                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36710.744741                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36710.744741                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17590                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        17590                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    610562000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    610562000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028693                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028693                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34710.744741                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34710.744741                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3134                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3134                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1057                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1057                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     43628000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     43628000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4191                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          4191                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.252207                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.252207                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41275.307474                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41275.307474                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1057                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1057                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     41514000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41514000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.252207                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252207                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39275.307474                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39275.307474                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19001719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.440613                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1529142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 68626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 22.282255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.440613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1614117                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1614117                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19001719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19001719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19001719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           43945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           27615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               71560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          43945                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          27615                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              71560                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        133469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         41267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            174736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       133469                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        41267                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           174736                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2135541000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    962848000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3098389000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2135541000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    962848000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3098389000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       177414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        68882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          246296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       177414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        68882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         246296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.709455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.709455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16000.277218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23332.154021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17731.829732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16000.277218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23332.154021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17731.829732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          28406                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                28406                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       133469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       174736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       133469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       174736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1868605000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    880314000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2748919000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1868605000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    880314000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2748919000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14000.292203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21332.154021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15731.841178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14000.292203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21332.154021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15731.841178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    197050                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          43945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          27615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              71560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       133469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        41267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           174736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2135541000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    962848000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3098389000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       177414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        68882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         246296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.709455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16000.277218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23332.154021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17731.829732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       133469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       174736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1868605000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    880314000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2748919000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14000.292203                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21332.154021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15731.841178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        34470                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        34470                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        34470                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34470                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19001719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.595855                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 279613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               197050                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.418995                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    71.578315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   294.597946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   144.419594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.139801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.575387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.282070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          260                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               478328                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              478328                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19001719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               246296                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              246295                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         34470                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       172234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       354827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  527061                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6614528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     11354432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 17968960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           887065000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            418646000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           344410000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19001719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19001719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19001719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19001719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                20712227000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 101781                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34321944                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   190662                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    43.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              478191769                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4408491                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8258244                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.020712                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 20712227000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            995054                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4408491                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8258244                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1029722                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           913                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      667478                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           277                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5953482                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          6374                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         20712227                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               20712226.999000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5172739                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2898049                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       784423                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  95533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         95533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               130714                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               50915                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      118200                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.001000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8179813                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8179813                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            16068621                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6592379                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1028639                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1696101                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     667462                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 32134      0.39%      0.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6451582     78.12%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5174      0.06%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     30198      0.37%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2413      0.03%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    10564      0.13%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        6      0.00%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7860      0.10%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   22230      0.27%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   9      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  48      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   3      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  8      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1020403     12.36%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  628478      7.61%     99.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                8236      0.10%     99.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              38984      0.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8258355                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   152                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst       132376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        39803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          172179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst       132376                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        39803                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         172179                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         7033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         14717                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7033                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7684                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        14717                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433861000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    453294000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    887155000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433861000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    453294000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    887155000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       186896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       186896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.161813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.078744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.161813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.078744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61689.321769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58991.931286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60280.967589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61689.321769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58991.931286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60280.967589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          827                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              827                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        14717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7684                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        14717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    419795000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    437926000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    857721000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    419795000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    437926000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    857721000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.161813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.161813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59689.321769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56991.931286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58280.967589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59689.321769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56991.931286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58280.967589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  3943                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst       132376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        39803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         172179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        14717                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433861000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    453294000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    887155000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       186896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.161813                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.078744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61689.321769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58991.931286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60280.967589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    419795000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    437926000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    857721000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.161813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59689.321769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56991.931286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58280.967589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        32033                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        32033                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        32033                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        32033                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20712227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         8334.512331                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             218929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            15080                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            14.517838                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    12.041441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  3615.074825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4707.396065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.110323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.143658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.254349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        11137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         8641                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.339874                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           234009                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          234009                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20712227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5767868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5767868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5767868                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5767868                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         185614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             185614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        185614                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            185614                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3769026000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3769026000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3769026000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3769026000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5953482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5953482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5953482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5953482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20305.720474                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20305.720474                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20305.720474                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20305.720474                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       185614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        185614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       185614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       185614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3397798000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3397798000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3397798000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3397798000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18305.720474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18305.720474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18305.720474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18305.720474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     185358                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5767868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5767868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        185614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            185614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3769026000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3769026000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5953482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5953482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.031177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20305.720474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20305.720474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       185614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       185614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3397798000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3397798000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18305.720474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18305.720474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20712227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.784041                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5953482                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                185614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.074531                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.784041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6139096                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6139096                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20712227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               14717                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14717                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          827                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        30261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        30261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  30261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       994816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       994816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  994816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            18852000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           78384500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20712227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          450112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          491776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              941888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       450112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         450112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        52928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            52928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7033                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7684                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                14717                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           827                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 827                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           21731705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           23743270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               45474975                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      21731705                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          21731705                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         2555399                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               2555399                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         2555399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          21731705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          23743270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              48030374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       711.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7033.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7598.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006094422500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            39                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            39                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                35396                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 644                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        14717                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         827                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      14717                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       827                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      86                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    116                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.29                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     123221750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    73155000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                397553000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8421.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27171.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     10332                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      554                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  70.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 77.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  14717                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   827                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    14628                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4423                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     221.489487                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    140.917969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    256.929915                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1916     43.32%     43.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1342     30.34%     73.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          412      9.31%     82.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          203      4.59%     87.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          129      2.92%     90.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           86      1.94%     92.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           46      1.04%     93.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           36      0.81%     94.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          253      5.72%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4423                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           39                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      373.717949                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     138.154111                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1151.829162                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255             29     74.36%     74.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            8     20.51%     94.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      2.56%     97.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423            1      2.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             39                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           39                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.461538                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.438936                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.883955                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                10     25.64%     25.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      2.56%     28.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                28     71.79%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             39                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  936384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     5504                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    43584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   941888                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 52928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         45.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          2.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      45.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       2.56                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    20712146000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1332484.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       450112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       486272                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        43584                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 21731704.659281689674                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 23477533.342986248434                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2104264.307261599693                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7033                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7684                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          827                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    199394500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    198158500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 427994850000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28351.27                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25788.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 517527025.39                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     70.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              17078880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               9073845                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             53621400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2265480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1634942400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3060295800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5376404160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10153681965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         490.226472                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13945763250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    691600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6074863750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              14522760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7711440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             50843940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1289340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1634942400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2511145260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5838846720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10059301860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         485.669738                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15153722500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    691600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4866904500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20712227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20712227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20712227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1613286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1613286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1619606                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1619606                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          74626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              74626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         77483                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             77483                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1714262000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1714262000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1791459000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1791459000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1687912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1687912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1697089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1697089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.044212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.045656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22971.377268                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22971.377268                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23120.671631                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23120.671631                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           38702                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 38702                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        74626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         74626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        77483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        77483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1565010000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1565010000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1636493000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1636493000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20971.377268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20971.377268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21120.671631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21120.671631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      77227                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          964606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              964606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         55938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             55938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1048426000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1048426000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1020544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1020544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.054812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18742.643641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18742.643641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    936550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    936550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16742.643641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16742.643641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         648680                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             648680                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        18688                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            18688                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    665836000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    665836000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       667368                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         667368                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028003                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.028003                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35629.066781                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35629.066781                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18688                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        18688                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    628460000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    628460000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028003                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028003                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33629.066781                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33629.066781                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          6320                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              6320                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2857                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2857                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     77197000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     77197000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9177                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9177                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.311322                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.311322                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27020.301015                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27020.301015                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2857                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2857                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71483000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71483000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.311322                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311322                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25020.301015                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25020.301015                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20712227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.486809                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1697089                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 77483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 21.902727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.486809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          194                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1774572                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1774572                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20712227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20712227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20712227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           46205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           29996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               76201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          46205                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          29996                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              76201                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        139409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         47487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            186896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           186896                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2232112000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1055257000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3287369000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2232112000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1055257000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3287369000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       185614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        77483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          263097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       185614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        77483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         263097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.751069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.710369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.751069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.710369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16011.247480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22222.018658                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17589.295651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16011.247480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22222.018658                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17589.295651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          32033                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                32033                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       186896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       186896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1953294000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    960283000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2913577000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1953294000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    960283000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2913577000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.751069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.710369                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.751069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.710369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14011.247480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20222.018658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15589.295651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14011.247480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20222.018658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15589.295651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    212089                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          46205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          29996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              76201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           186896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2232112000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1055257000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3287369000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       185614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        77483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         263097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.751069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.710369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16011.247480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22222.018658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17589.295651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       186896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1953294000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    960283000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2913577000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.751069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.710369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14011.247480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20222.018658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15589.295651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        38702                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        38702                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        38702                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        38702                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20712227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.711816                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 301799                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               212601                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.419556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    73.220541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   289.207826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   148.283449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.143009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.564859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.289616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          296                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               514400                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              514400                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20712227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               263097                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              263097                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         38702                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       193668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       371228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  564896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7435840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     11879296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 19315136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           928070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            456607000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           387415000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20712227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20712227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20712227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  20712227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
