
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21198292000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 544146                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 703344                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                  1029027                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             2306948140                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9455575                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021198                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21198292000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            579486                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9455575                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      911647                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      187733                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           155                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7312388                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21198292                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21198292                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3274601                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2502991                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       418565                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3979938                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3979938                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              6955351                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             3817692                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      106204                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6457252                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6457252                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11596188                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5008490                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      911641                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1099372                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     187731                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18791      0.20%      0.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5721116     60.50%     60.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1463      0.02%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      1.01%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  369230      3.90%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.01%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   210170      2.22%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.02%     67.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  262173      2.77%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.01%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              784095      8.29%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              208776      2.21%     81.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv              104227      1.10%     82.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             577546      6.11%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   177461      1.88%     90.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  183170      1.94%     92.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              734180      7.76%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4561      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9455648                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    24                       # Number of system calls
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         9128                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1714                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.tot_requests          19225                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             1714                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests           41                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          5835                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1398                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict               41                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              4396                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             4396                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1398                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.DynamicCache.mem_side::system.mem_delay-slave        11629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.DynamicCache.mem_side::total        11629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.DynamicCache.mem_side::system.mem_delay-slave       370816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.DynamicCache.mem_side::total       370816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  370816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              5794                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    5794    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                5794                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             5835000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           31220750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21198292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7311002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7311002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7311002                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7311002                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1386                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1386                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    859757000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    859757000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    859757000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    859757000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7312388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7312388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7312388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7312388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 620315.295815                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 620315.295815                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 620315.295815                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 620315.295815                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    856985000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    856985000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    856985000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    856985000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 618315.295815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 618315.295815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 618315.295815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 618315.295815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        925                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7311002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7311002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1386                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1386                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    859757000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    859757000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7312388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7312388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 620315.295815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 620315.295815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    856985000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    856985000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 618315.295815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 618315.295815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21198292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               448.461991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7312388                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1386                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               5275.893218                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                729000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   448.461991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.875902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.875902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          461                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.900391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7313774                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7313774                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21198292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_delay.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21198292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           73920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          296896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              370816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        73920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          73920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4639                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5794                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3487073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           14005657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               17492730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3487073                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3487073                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3487073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          14005657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              17492730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1155.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4639.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                17032                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5794                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5794                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      90989250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    28970000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                199626750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      15704.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 34454.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2499                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  43.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5794                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5793                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3294                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     112.534305                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     93.532018                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     98.786693                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::64-127         1896     57.56%     57.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-191         1093     33.18%     90.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::192-255          102      3.10%     93.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-319           46      1.40%     95.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::320-383           29      0.88%     96.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-447           27      0.82%     96.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::448-511           20      0.61%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-575           15      0.46%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::576-639            9      0.27%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-703           55      1.67%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::704-767            2      0.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3294                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  370816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   370816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         17.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      17.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21196467000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3658347.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        73920                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       296896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3487073.392516717780                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 14005656.682151561603                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1155                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4639                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     33993000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    165633750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29431.17                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     35704.62                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     43.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              13458900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7153575                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             20627460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1673050080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4064608440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4717316160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10496214615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         495.144355                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12223310750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    707720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8267261250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              10067400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5347155                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             20741700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1673050080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2724985890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5845419360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10279611585                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         484.926408                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15168836750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    707720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5321735250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21198292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                4057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            145                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3912                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               4057                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              6040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1241                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4799                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             6040                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    849770000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3399756000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4249526000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    849770000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3399756000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4249526000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           10097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          10097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.895382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.550913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.598197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.895382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.550913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.598197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 684746.172442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 708430.089602                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 703563.907285                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 684746.172442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 708430.089602                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 703563.907285                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks            734                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                  734                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4799                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    824950000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3303776000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4128726000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    824950000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3303776000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4128726000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.895382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.550913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.598197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.895382                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.550913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.598197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 664746.172442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 688430.089602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 683563.907285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 664746.172442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 688430.089602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 683563.907285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      2677                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6890                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6890                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6890                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6890                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          347                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          347                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total             2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       144000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       144000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        72000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        72000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data         2001                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total             2001                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         4421                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           4421                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3208975000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   3208975000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6422                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6422                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.688415                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.688415                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 725848.224384                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 725848.224384                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4421                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         4421                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3120555000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3120555000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.688415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.688415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 705848.224384                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705848.224384                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.inst          145                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data         1911                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2056                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1241                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data          378                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1619                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    849770000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    190781000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1040551000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1386                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2289                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3675                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.895382                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.165138                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.440544                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 684746.172442                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 504711.640212                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 642712.168005                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1241                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          378                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1619                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    824950000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    183221000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1008171000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.895382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.165138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 664746.172442                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 484711.640212                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 622712.168005                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21198292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             2740.892282                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  18875                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 6487                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.909665                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle               708000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    84.039443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   377.966904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2278.885936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.020517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.092277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.556369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.669163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3810                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1609                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2013                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.930176                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                25711                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               25711                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21198292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l3Dram.demand_hits::.cpu.inst               47                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3Dram.demand_hits::.cpu.data              145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3Dram.demand_hits::total                  192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3Dram.overall_hits::.cpu.inst              47                       # number of overall hits
system.l3Dram.overall_hits::.cpu.data             145                       # number of overall hits
system.l3Dram.overall_hits::total                 192                       # number of overall hits
system.l3Dram.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3Dram.demand_misses::.cpu.data           4654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3Dram.demand_misses::total               5848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3Dram.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1194                       # number of overall misses
system.l3Dram.overall_misses::.cpu.data          4654                       # number of overall misses
system.l3Dram.overall_misses::total              5848                       # number of overall misses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    796492000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3195602000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_latency::total   3992094000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    796492000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3195602000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_latency::total   3992094000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_accesses::total             6040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_accesses::total            6040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.962127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.969785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_rate::total        0.968212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.962127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.969785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_rate::total       0.968212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 667078.726968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 686635.582295                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 682642.612859                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 667078.726968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 686635.582295                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 682642.612859                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3Dram.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3Dram.writebacks::.writebacks               9                       # number of writebacks
system.l3Dram.writebacks::total                     9                       # number of writebacks
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_misses::total          5848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_misses::total         5848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    735598000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2958248000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3693846000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    735598000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2958248000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3693846000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.962127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.969785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.968212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.962127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.969785                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.968212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 616078.726968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 635635.582295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 631642.612859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 616078.726968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 635635.582295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 631642.612859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.replacements                        914                       # number of replacements
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks          734                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_hits::total          734                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks          734                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          734                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          355                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          355                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_hits::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data            25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_hits::total                25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         4396                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_misses::total            4396                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3026439000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   3026439000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4421                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_accesses::total          4421                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994345                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.994345                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 688452.911738                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 688452.911738                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4396                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         4396                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2802243000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2802243000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 637452.911738                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 637452.911738                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.inst           47                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data          120                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           167                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1194                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data          258                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1452                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    796492000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    169163000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    965655000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1241                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data          378                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1619                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.962127                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.682540                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.896850                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 667078.726968                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 655670.542636                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 665051.652893                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1194                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          258                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1452                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    735598000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    156005000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    891603000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.962127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.682540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.896850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 616078.726968                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 604670.542636                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 614051.652893                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21198292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3Dram.tags.tagsinuse              3334.283530                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3Dram.tags.total_refs                    7483                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3Dram.tags.sampled_refs                  5976                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3Dram.tags.avg_refs                  1.252175                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3Dram.tags.warmup_cycle                657000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    74.052933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   801.925356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2458.305242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.009040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.097891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.300086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::total        0.407017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5062                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1657                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.617920                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.tag_accesses                 13814                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3Dram.tags.data_accesses                13814                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3Dram.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21198292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1090573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1090573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1090581                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1090581                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          8726                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              8726                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3535353000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3535353000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3535353000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3535353000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1099286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1099286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1099307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1099307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 405756.111557                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 405756.111557                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 405151.615861                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 405151.615861                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            6890                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  6890                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total               3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total              3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3517039000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3517039000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3520642000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3520642000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 403793.226177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 403793.226177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 403974.985657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 403974.985657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       8199                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          909339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              909339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246807000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    246807000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       911626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          911626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 107917.358986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107917.358986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241345000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    241345000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 105667.688266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105667.688266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         181234                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             181234                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6426                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6426                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3288546000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3288546000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       187660                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         187660                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034243                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.034243                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 511756.302521                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 511756.302521                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6426                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6426                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3275694000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3275694000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034243                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034243                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 509756.302521                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 509756.302521                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           13                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              13                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.619048                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.619048                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3603000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3603000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       720600                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       720600                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21198292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               493.400339                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1099296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  8711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                126.196304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               1464000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   493.400339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.963673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.963673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          332                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1108018                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1108018                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21198292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.DynamicCache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.DynamicCache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.DynamicCache.demand_hits::total             54                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.DynamicCache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           39                       # number of overall hits
system.DynamicCache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           15                       # number of overall hits
system.DynamicCache.overall_hits::total            54                       # number of overall hits
system.DynamicCache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.DynamicCache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.DynamicCache.demand_misses::total         5794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.DynamicCache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1155                       # number of overall misses
system.DynamicCache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4639                       # number of overall misses
system.DynamicCache.overall_misses::total         5794                       # number of overall misses
system.DynamicCache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    669634000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2718944000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.demand_miss_latency::total   3388578000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    669634000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2718944000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.overall_miss_latency::total   3388578000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_accesses::total         5848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_accesses::total         5848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.967337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.990766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.967337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.990766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 579769.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.DynamicCache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 586105.626213                       # average overall miss latency
system.DynamicCache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 584842.595789                       # average overall miss latency
system.DynamicCache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 579769.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.DynamicCache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 586105.626213                       # average overall miss latency
system.DynamicCache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 584842.595789                       # average overall miss latency
system.DynamicCache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.DynamicCache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.DynamicCache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.DynamicCache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.DynamicCache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.DynamicCache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    519484000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2115874000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2635358000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    519484000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2115874000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2635358000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.967337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.967337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 449769.696970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 456105.626213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454842.595789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 449769.696970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 456105.626213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454842.595789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.replacements                   61                       # number of replacements
system.DynamicCache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks            9                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.DynamicCache.WritebackDirty_hits::total            9                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.DynamicCache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks            9                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.DynamicCache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            9                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.DynamicCache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks           33                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.DynamicCache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         4396                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_misses::total         4396                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2578047000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2578047000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4396                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_accesses::total         4396                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 586452.911738                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 586452.911738                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4396                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         4396                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2006567000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2006567000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 456452.911738                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456452.911738                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.inst           39                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           54                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1155                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data          243                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1398                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    669634000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    140897000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    810531000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1194                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data          258                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1452                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.967337                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.941860                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.962810                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 579769.696970                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 579823.045267                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 579778.969957                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1155                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          243                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1398                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    519484000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    109307000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    628791000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.967337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.941860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.962810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 449769.696970                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 449823.045267                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449778.969957                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21198292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.DynamicCache.tags.tagsinuse        3746.500756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.DynamicCache.tags.total_refs              6336                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.DynamicCache.tags.sampled_refs            5801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.DynamicCache.tags.avg_refs            1.092225                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.DynamicCache.tags.warmup_cycle          527000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     6.091310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1080.353295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2660.056152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.131879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.324714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.457337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5740                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.DynamicCache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.DynamicCache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.DynamicCache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.DynamicCache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1622                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.DynamicCache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3938                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.700684                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.DynamicCache.tags.tag_accesses           12170                       # Number of tag accesses
system.DynamicCache.tags.data_accesses          12170                       # Number of data accesses
system.DynamicCache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21198292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                3675                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7633                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::CleanEvict              5143                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp                4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadExReq               6422                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadExResp              6422                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           3675                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        25629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3697                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   29326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       998464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        88704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1087168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.snoops                              3652                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bar.snoopTraffic                       47552                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::samples              13753                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::mean              0.124700                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.330391                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::0                    12038     87.53%     87.53% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::1                     1715     12.47%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::total                13753                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             33005000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4158000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            26137000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21198292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21198292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21198292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21198292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
