
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17592425000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 110698                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1278776                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   199500                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1947383300                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1802250                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017592                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17592425000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            200427                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1802250                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      200130                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            15                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      249167                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         98945                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1250607                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            45                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17592414                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17592414                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1002046                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              798720                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       199849                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    550                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           550                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  798                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 306                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1851257                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1851257                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3404395                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1401875                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      200127                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        449292                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     249165                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   191      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1401882     75.71%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       28      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        35      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      10      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                       84      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       68      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     130      0.01%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   200079     10.81%     86.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  248981     13.45%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  48      0.00%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                184      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1851720                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1250147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1250147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1250147                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1250147                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32805000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     32805000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32805000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     32805000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1250607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1250607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1250607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1250607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71315.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71315.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71315.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71315.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31885000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31885000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31885000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31885000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69315.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69315.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69315.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69315.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        243                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1250147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1250147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32805000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32805000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1250607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1250607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71315.217391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71315.217391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31885000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31885000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69315.217391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69315.217391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.632207                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                    6638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 27.316872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.632207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1251067                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1251067                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              198537                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             198537                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       197870                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       594944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       594944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 594944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     25370048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     25370048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                25370048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1187887000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         1051446000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              6.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           29184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        12677184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            12706368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        29184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          29184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     12663680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         12663680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              456                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           198081                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               198537                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        197870                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              197870                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1658896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          720604692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              722263588                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1658896                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1658896                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       719837089                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             719837089                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       719837089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1658896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         720604692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1442100677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    197870.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       456.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    198081.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000125002500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         12365                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         12365                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               587097                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              185475                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       198537                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      197870                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     198537                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    197870                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              12476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              12389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              12440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              12444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              12433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              12414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              12388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              12369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              12379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              12403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             12388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             12394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             12398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             12431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             12375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             12416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              12363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              12360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              12360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              12371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              12361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              12372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              12364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              12368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              12368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              12368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             12368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             12366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             12360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             12360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             12360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             12371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1773068250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   992685000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               5495637000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8930.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27680.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    171374                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   181257                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 198537                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                197870                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   198537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   12366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   12366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   12366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   12366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   12366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   12366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   12366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   12366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   12366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   12366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   12366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   12366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   12366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   12365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   12365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   12365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        43737                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     579.920159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    496.688797                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    262.291967                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2305      5.27%      5.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2316      5.30%     10.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           26      0.06%     10.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          579      1.32%     11.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        28094     64.23%     76.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.02%     76.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.01%     76.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3936      9.00%     85.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6471     14.80%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         43737                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12365                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.055317                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.005039                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       6.133228                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           12364     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          12365                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12365                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             12365    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          12365                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                12706368                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 12661760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 12706368                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              12663680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        722.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        719.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     722.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     719.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         11.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17592383000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       44379.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        29184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     12677184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     12661760                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1658895.803165283054                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 720604692.076277256012                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 719727951.092586755753                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       198081                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       197870                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     11598250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   5484038750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 433824494000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25434.76                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27685.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2192472.30                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     88.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             155901900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              82844850                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            708173760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           516367620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1388471760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7579353270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         372877920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10803991080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         614.127449                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    908166750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    587340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  16096918250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             156444540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              83137065                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            709380420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           516357180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1388471760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7580165520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         372193920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10806150405                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         614.250190                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    906428750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    587340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16098656250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           201712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               201712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          201714                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              201714                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         198113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             198113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        198113                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            198113                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14654842000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14654842000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14654842000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14654842000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       399825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           399825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       399827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          399827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.495499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.495497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73972.137114                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73972.137114                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73972.137114                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73972.137114                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          197933                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                197933                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        198113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       198113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14258618000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14258618000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14258618000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14258618000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71972.147209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71972.147209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71972.147209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71972.147209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     197971                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          200010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              200010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7608000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7608000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       200128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          200128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64474.576271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64474.576271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7372000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7372000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62474.576271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62474.576271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           1702                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               1702                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       197995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           197995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14647234000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14647234000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       199697                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         199697                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991477                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.991477                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73977.797419                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73977.797419                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       197995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       197995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14251246000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14251246000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991477                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991477                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71977.807520                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71977.807520                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               140.803331                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  199301                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                197971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.006718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   140.803331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.550013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.550013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.550781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                597939                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               597939                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst               4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  35                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 35                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        198082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            198538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       198082                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           198538                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29991000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13465889000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  13495880000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29991000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13465889000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  13495880000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       198113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          198573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       198113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         198573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65769.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67981.386497                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67976.306803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65769.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67981.386497                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67976.306803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         197870                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               197870                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       198538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       198538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29079000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13069727000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13098806000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13069727000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13098806000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63769.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65981.396593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65976.316876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63769.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65981.396593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65976.316876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    198207                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 35                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       198082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           198538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29991000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13465889000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13495880000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       198113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         198573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65769.736842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67981.386497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67976.306803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       198538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29079000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13069727000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13098806000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63769.736842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65981.396593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65976.316876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       197933                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       197933                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       197933                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       197933                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              393.326854                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 396055                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               198207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    27.961149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.559939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   111.805767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.054612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.495234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.218371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.768217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               595107                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              595107                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               198573                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              198572                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        197933                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       594158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  595078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     25346880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        29440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 25376320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             2300000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1188238000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           990560000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                35283821000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 104317                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1282312                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   187887                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    19.17                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1840309909                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3602297                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.035284                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 35283821000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            400427                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3602297                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      400127                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            20                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      499142                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        198916                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2500637                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            45                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         35283810                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   35283810                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2002084                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1598666                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       399838                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    550                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           550                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  798                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 306                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         408                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3701280                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3701280                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6804501                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2801923                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      400124                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        899264                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     499140                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   191      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2801942     75.69%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       28      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        35      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      10      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                       84      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       68      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     130      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   400076     10.81%     86.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  498956     13.48%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  48      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                184      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3701752                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    12                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2500177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2500177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2500177                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2500177                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32805000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     32805000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32805000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     32805000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2500637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2500637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2500637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2500637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71315.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71315.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71315.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71315.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31885000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31885000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31885000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31885000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69315.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69315.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69315.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69315.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        243                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2500177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2500177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32805000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32805000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2500637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2500637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71315.217391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71315.217391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31885000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31885000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69315.217391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69315.217391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.816619                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                    6638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 27.316872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.816619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2501097                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2501097                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              398478                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             398478                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       397811                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1194767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1194767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1194767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     50962496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     50962496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                50962496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2387533000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         2111867750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              6.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           29184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        25473408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            25502592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        29184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          29184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     25459904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         25459904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              456                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           398022                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               398478                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        397811                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              397811                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             827121                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          721957183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              722784304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        827121                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            827121                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       721574458                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             721574458                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       721574458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            827121                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         721957183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1444358761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    397811.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       456.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    398022.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000125002500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         24861                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         24861                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1178966                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              372925                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       398478                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      397811                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     398478                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    397811                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              24972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              24885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              24936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              24944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              24929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              24910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              24884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              24865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              24875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              24899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             24884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             24890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             24894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             24927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             24871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             24913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              24859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              24856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              24856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              24867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              24857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              24868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              24860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              24864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              24864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              24864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             24864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             24863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             24856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             24856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             24863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             24868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.62                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3557415750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1992390000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              11028878250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8927.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27677.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    344052                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   364649                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 398478                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                397811                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   398478                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   24861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   24862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   24865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   24862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   24862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   24862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   24862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   24862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   24862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   24861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   24862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   24861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   24861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   24861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   24861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   24861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        87552                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     582.001462                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    499.134372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    262.128481                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4538      5.18%      5.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4589      5.24%     10.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           60      0.07%     10.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          952      1.09%     11.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        56292     64.30%     75.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           22      0.03%     75.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           36      0.04%     75.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         8047      9.19%     85.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13016     14.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         87552                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24861                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.027875                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.002848                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       4.325483                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           24860    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          24861                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24861                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000362                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000332                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.032954                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             24858     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          24861                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                25502592                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 25458240                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 25502592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              25459904                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        722.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        721.53                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     722.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     721.57                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         11.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    35283779000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       44310.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        29184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     25473408                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     25458240                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 827121.302990398952                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 721957182.585185408592                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 721527297.171131253242                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       398022                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       397811                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     11598250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  11017280000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 871582927500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25434.76                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27680.08                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2190947.28                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             312339300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             165989505                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1421952420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1038247560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2784933840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       15229978200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         723742560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         21677183385                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         614.366097                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1758720250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1178060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  32347040750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             312853380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             166270335                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1423180500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1038190140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2784933840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15231500670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         722460480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         21679389345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         614.428617                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1755442750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1178060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  32350318250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           401756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               401756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          401760                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              401760                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         398054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             398054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        398054                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            398054                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29446086000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  29446086000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29446086000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  29446086000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       799810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           799810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       799814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          799814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.497686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.497683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73975.103880                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73975.103880                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73975.103880                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73975.103880                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          397874                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                397874                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        398054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       398054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28649980000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28649980000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28649980000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28649980000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71975.108905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71975.108905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71975.108905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71975.108905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     397912                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          400004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              400004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7701000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7701000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       400123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          400123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64714.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64714.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7463000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7463000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62714.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62714.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           1752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               1752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       397935                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           397935                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29438385000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  29438385000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       399687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         399687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995617                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.995617                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73977.873271                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73977.873271                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       397935                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       397935                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28642517000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28642517000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995617                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995617                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71977.878297                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71977.878297                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            4                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             4                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               140.901941                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  399253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                397912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.003370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   140.901941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.550398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.550398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.550781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1197867                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1197867                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst               4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  35                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 35                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        398023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            398479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       398023                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           398479                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29991000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27057487000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  27087478000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29991000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27057487000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  27087478000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       398054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          398514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       398054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         398514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65769.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67979.707203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67977.178220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65769.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67979.707203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67977.178220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         397811                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               397811                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       398479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       398479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29079000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26261443000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26290522000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26261443000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26290522000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63769.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65979.712228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65977.183239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63769.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65979.712228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65977.183239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    398150                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 35                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       398023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           398479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29991000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27057487000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  27087478000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       398054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         398514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65769.736842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67979.707203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67977.178220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       398479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29079000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26261443000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26290522000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63769.736842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65979.712228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65977.183239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       397874                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       397874                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       397874                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       397874                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              393.664371                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 795937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               398150                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    27.980714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.780586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   111.903070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.054650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.495665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.218561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.768876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1194932                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1194932                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               398514                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              398513                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        397874                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1193981                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1194901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     50939328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        29440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 50968768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             2300000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2387884000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1990265000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                47457716000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  77597                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1291168                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   136925                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    38.67                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1227096816                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3001033                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5295556                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.047458                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 47457716000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            574793                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3001033                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5295556                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      580982                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      688321                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260134                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3788335                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         47457705                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   47457705                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2910848                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2387893                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       562999                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1078                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5423833                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5423833                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10112984                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4175104                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      580964                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1269263                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     688299                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  1426      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4141450     76.33%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    13100      0.24%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   580906     10.71%     87.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  688069     12.68%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5425621                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3787263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3787263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3787263                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3787263                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1072                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1072                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     78390000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78390000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     78390000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78390000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3788335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3788335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3788335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3788335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        73125                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        73125                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        73125                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        73125                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76246000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76246000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76246000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76246000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        71125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        71125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        71125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        71125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        818                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3787263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3787263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     78390000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78390000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3788335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3788335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        73125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        73125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76246000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76246000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        71125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        71125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               217.840249                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3275495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   818                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               4004.272616                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   217.840249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.850938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.850938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3789407                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3789407                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              522200                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             522200                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       520534                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1564934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1564934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1564934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66734976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     66734976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66734976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3124870000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         2768543750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              5.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           68096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33352704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33420800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        68096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          68096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33314176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33314176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           521136                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               522200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        520534                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              520534                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1434877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          702787804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              704222681                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1434877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1434877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       701975965                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             701975965                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       701975965                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1434877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         702787804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1406198646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    520512.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1064.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    521120.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000273330500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32529                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32529                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1544565                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              487957                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       522200                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      520534                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     522200                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    520534                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     22                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4663420250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2610920000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14454370250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8930.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27680.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    450622                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   477210                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 522200                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                520534                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   522184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       114837                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     581.091599                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    496.715410                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    263.471937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6210      5.41%      5.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6080      5.29%     10.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           98      0.09%     10.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1148      1.00%     11.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        73522     64.02%     75.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           34      0.03%     75.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           38      0.03%     75.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        10666      9.29%     85.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        17041     14.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        114837                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32529                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.045313                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.012241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       4.035684                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           32513     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             10      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32529                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32529                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000646                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000601                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.039591                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32520     99.97%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 6      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32529                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33419776                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33311040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33420800                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33314176                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        704.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        701.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     704.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     701.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    47451934000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       45507.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        68096                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33351680                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33311040                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1434877.312679775991                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 702766226.676395535469                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 701909885.423057436943                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       521136                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       520534                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     28932750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14425437500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1146010489750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27192.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27680.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2201605.45                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     88.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             409950240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             217893720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1865196480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1358525880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      3746230800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       20230323150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1187701440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         29015821710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.403670                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2924087750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1584700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  42948928250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             409985940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             217912695                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1863197280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1358405820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      3746230800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20012716530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1370949120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         28979398185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         610.636175                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3401781250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1584700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  42471234750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           617220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               617220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          617228                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              617228                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         521814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             521814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        522010                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            522010                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38553891000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  38553891000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38567871000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  38567871000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1139034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1139034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1139238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1139238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.458120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.458210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73884.355345                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73884.355345                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73883.394954                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73883.394954                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          521090                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                521090                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        521814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       522010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37510265000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37510265000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37523853000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37523853000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71884.359178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71884.359178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71883.398785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71883.398785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     521753                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          579749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              579749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          1026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              1026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     36289000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36289000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       580775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          580775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.001767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35369.395712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35369.395712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     34239000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34239000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33371.345029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33371.345029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          37471                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              37471                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       520788                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           520788                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38517602000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  38517602000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       558259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         558259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.932879                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.932879                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73960.233339                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73960.233339                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       520788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       520788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37476026000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37476026000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.932879                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.932879                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71960.233339                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71960.233339                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13980000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     13980000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71326.530612                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71326.530612                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13588000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13588000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69326.530612                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69326.530612                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               144.131681                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1083279                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                521753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.076230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   144.131681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.563014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.563014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1661247                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1661247                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst               8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst              8                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            873                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                881                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        521137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            522201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           522201                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71852000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35427905000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  35499757000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71852000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35427905000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  35499757000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       522010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          523082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       522010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         523082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.998316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.998316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67530.075188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67981.941409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67981.020718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67530.075188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67981.941409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67981.020718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         520534                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               520534                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       522201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       522201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69724000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34385633000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34455357000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69724000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34385633000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34455357000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65530.075188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65981.945247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65981.024548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65530.075188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65981.945247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65981.024548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    522001                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst              8                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           522201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71852000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35427905000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35499757000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       522010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         523082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.998316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67530.075188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67981.941409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67981.020718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       522201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69724000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34385633000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34455357000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65530.075188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65981.945247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65981.024548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       521090                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       521090                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       521090                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       521090                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              396.656584                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1042404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               522001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    28.360746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.689068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   115.606769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.055392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.493533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.225794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.774720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          499                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          392                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.974609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1566672                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1566672                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               523082                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              523081                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        521090                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1565109                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         2144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1567253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     66758336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        68608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 66826944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             5360000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3128532000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2610045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                50679682000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  92418                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1291300                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   157314                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    43.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1170238808                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4002335                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6812823                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.050680                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 50679682000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            712004                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4002335                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6812823                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      728052                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            38                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      762828                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260144                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5134735                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         50679673                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   50679673                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3675812                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3202346                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       672901                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3564                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6938398                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6938398                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13213945                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5512962                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      727929                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1490639                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     762710                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  4122      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5401783     77.80%     77.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    45965      0.66%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   727871     10.48%     89.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  762480     10.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6942891                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          413                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          479                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            892                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data          627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total           718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           91                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data          627                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total          718                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst      5637000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     37756000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total     43393000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst      5637000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     37756000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total     43393000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         1106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         1610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         1106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         1610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.180556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.566908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.445963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.180556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.566908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.445963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61945.054945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60216.905901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60435.933148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61945.054945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60216.905901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60435.933148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total          718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total          718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst      5455000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     36502000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41957000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst      5455000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     36502000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41957000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.180556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.566908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.180556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.566908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59945.054945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58216.905901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58435.933148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59945.054945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58216.905901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58435.933148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          627                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total          718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst      5637000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     37756000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     43393000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         1610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.180556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.566908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.445963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61945.054945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60216.905901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60435.933148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst      5455000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     36502000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41957000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.180556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.566908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59945.054945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58216.905901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58435.933148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks          592                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total          592                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks          592                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          592                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50679682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse           35.224963                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      47457737000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    10.059131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     3.407650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    21.758182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.000166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1011                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          886                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.007713                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses             3213                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses            3213                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50679682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5133154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5133154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5133154                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5133154                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1581                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1581                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93507000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93507000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93507000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93507000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5134735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5134735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5134735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5134735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59144.212524                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59144.212524                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59144.212524                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59144.212524                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     90345000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     90345000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     90345000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     90345000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57144.212524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57144.212524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57144.212524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57144.212524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1326                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5133154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5133154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93507000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93507000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5134735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5134735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59144.212524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59144.212524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     90345000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90345000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57144.212524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57144.212524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50679682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               220.177141                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3576765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1326                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               2697.409502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   220.177141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.860067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.860067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5136316                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5136316                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50679682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              522918                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             522918                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       520534                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1564934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1564934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         1436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         1436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1566370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66734976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     66734976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        45952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        45952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66780928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3125588000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            3841000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         2768543750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50679682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           73920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33392832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33466752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        73920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          73920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33314176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33314176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           521763                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               522918                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        520534                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              520534                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1458573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          658899793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              660358366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1458573                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1458573                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       657347771                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             657347771                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       657347771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1458573                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         658899793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1317706137                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    520512.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1155.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    521739.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000273330500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32529                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32529                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1546811                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              487957                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       522918                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      520534                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     522918                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    520534                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     22                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4669635750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2614470000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14473898250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8930.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27680.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    451038                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   477210                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 522918                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                520534                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   522894                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       115131                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     580.002397                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    494.569319                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    264.302423                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6447      5.60%      5.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6098      5.30%     10.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          105      0.09%     10.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1156      1.00%     11.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        73524     63.86%     75.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           36      0.03%     75.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           41      0.04%     75.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        10667      9.27%     85.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        17057     14.82%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        115131                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32529                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.045313                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.012241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       4.035684                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           32513     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             10      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32529                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32529                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000646                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000601                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.039591                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32520     99.97%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 6      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32529                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33465216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1536                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33311040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33466752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33314176                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        660.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        657.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     660.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     657.35                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    50662910000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       48553.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        73920                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33391296                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33311040                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1458572.687965958612                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 658869485.408373355865                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 657285892.204295992851                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1155                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       521763                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       520534                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     31535500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14442362750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1146010489750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27303.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27679.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2201605.45                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     88.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             411685260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             218815905                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1867152840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1358525880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4000077120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       20668776270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2055712800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         30580746075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         603.412351                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5175737250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1692080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  43811864750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             410350080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             218106240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1866310320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1358405820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4000077120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20089642020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2543404800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         30486296400                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         601.548692                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6449192000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1692080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  42538410000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50679682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50679682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50679682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           836497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               836497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          836505                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              836505                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         524111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             524111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        524307                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            524307                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38629298000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  38629298000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38643278000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  38643278000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1360608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1360608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1360812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1360812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.385204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.385290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73704.421392                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73704.421392                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73703.532472                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73703.532472                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          522439                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                522439                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       524111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        524111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       524307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       524307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37581078000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37581078000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37594666000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37594666000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71704.425208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71704.425208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71703.536287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71703.536287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     524050                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          725099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              725099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     76284000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76284000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       727845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          727845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27780.043700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27780.043700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70792000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70792000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25780.043700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25780.043700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         111398                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             111398                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       521365                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           521365                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38553014000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  38553014000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       632763                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         632763                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.823950                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.823950                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73946.302494                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73946.302494                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       521365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37510286000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37510286000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.823950                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.823950                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71946.306330                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71946.306330                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13980000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     13980000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71326.530612                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71326.530612                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13588000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13588000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69326.530612                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69326.530612                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50679682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               151.243721                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1321554                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                524050                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.521809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   151.243721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.590796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.590796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1885118                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1885118                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50679682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50679682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50679682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                2077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2064                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               2077                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        522243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            523811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           523811                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83859000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35478785000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  35562644000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83859000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35478785000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  35562644000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       524307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          525888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       524307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         525888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.996050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.996050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53481.505102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67935.395975                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67892.129031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53481.505102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67935.395975                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67892.129031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         521126                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               521126                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       523811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       523811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80723000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34434301000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34515024000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80723000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34434301000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34515024000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51481.505102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65935.399804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65892.132849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51481.505102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65935.399804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65892.132849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    524057                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               2077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           523811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83859000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35478785000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35562644000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       524307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         525888                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.996050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53481.505102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67935.395975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67892.129031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       523811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80723000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34434301000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34515024000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51481.505102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65935.399804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65892.132849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       522439                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       522439                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       522439                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       522439                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50679682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              403.488500                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1046661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               524057                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997227                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    32.675225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   243.578364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   127.234912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.063819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.475739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.248506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.788063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1572896                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1572896                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50679682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               525888                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              525887                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        522439                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1571052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1574214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     66991680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       101184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67092864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             7905000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3138083000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2621530000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50679682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50679682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50679682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  50679682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                53858006000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 106018                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1291300                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   176214                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    47.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1141975628                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8310642                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.053858                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 53858006000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            846376                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8310642                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      878876                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            38                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      829532                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260150                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6475370                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         53858006                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   53858006                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4418779                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3996482                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       777131                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        4845                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8433817                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8433817                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            16290606                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6844550                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      878708                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1708069                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     829361                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  6514      0.08%      0.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6644640     78.72%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    81107      0.96%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   878650     10.41%     90.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  829131      9.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8440712                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          740                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1413                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2153                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           97                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data          932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          1029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           97                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data          932                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         1029                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst      5991000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     57191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total     63182000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst      5991000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     57191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total     63182000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         2345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         3182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         2345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         3182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.115890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.397441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.323382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.115890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.397441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.323382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61762.886598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61363.733906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61401.360544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61762.886598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61363.733906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61401.360544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           97                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         1029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           97                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         1029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst      5797000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     55327000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61124000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst      5797000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     55327000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61124000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.115890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.397441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.323382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.115890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.397441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.323382                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59762.886598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59363.733906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59401.360544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59762.886598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59363.733906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59401.360544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           97                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          932                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         1029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst      5991000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     57191000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     63182000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         3182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.115890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.397441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.323382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61762.886598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61363.733906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61401.360544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           97                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst      5797000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     55327000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61124000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.115890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.397441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.323382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59762.886598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59363.733906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59401.360544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         1487                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1487                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         1487                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1487                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53858006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          106.208770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               4669                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1351                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.455959                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      47457737000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    28.180789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     8.836260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    69.191722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.000528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1351                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.010307                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses             6020                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses            6020                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53858006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6473456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6473456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6473456                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6473456                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1914                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1914                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    100178000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100178000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    100178000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100178000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6475370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6475370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6475370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6475370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52339.602926                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52339.602926                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52339.602926                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52339.602926                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96350000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96350000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96350000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96350000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50339.602926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50339.602926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50339.602926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50339.602926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1659                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6473456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6473456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    100178000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100178000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6475370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6475370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52339.602926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52339.602926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96350000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96350000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50339.602926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50339.602926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53858006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               222.232144                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6475370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1914                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               3383.160920                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   222.232144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.868094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.868094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6477284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6477284                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53858006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              523229                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             523229                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       520534                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1564934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1564934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         2058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         2058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1566992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66734976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     66734976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        65856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        65856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66800832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3125899000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            5517500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         2768543750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53858006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           74304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33412352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33486656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        74304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          74304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33314176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33314176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           522068                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               523229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        520534                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              520534                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1379628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          620378556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              621758184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1379628                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1379628                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       618555689                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             618555689                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       618555689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1379628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         620378556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1240313873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    520512.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1161.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    522043.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000273330500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32529                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32529                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1548249                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              487957                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       523229                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      520534                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     523229                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    520534                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      25                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     22                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.77                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4673237750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2616020000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14483312750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8931.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27681.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    451168                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   477210                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 523229                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                520534                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   523204                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       115311                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     579.269072                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    493.117683                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    264.856607                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6611      5.73%      5.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6105      5.29%     11.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          105      0.09%     11.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1157      1.00%     12.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        73524     63.76%     75.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           36      0.03%     75.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           42      0.04%     75.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        10668      9.25%     85.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        17063     14.80%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        115311                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32529                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.045313                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.012241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       4.035684                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           32513     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             10      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32529                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32529                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000646                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000601                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.039591                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32520     99.97%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 6      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32529                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33485056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33311040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33486656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33314176                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        621.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        618.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     621.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     618.56                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          9.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    53823558000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       51566.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        74304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33410752                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33311040                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1379627.756734996801                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 620348848.414477109909                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 618497461.640150547028                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1161                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       522068                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       520534                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     31689250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14451623500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1146010489750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27294.79                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27681.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2201605.45                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     88.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             412663440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             219335820                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1868645100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1358525880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4251464880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       20930755110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3055575360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         32096965590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         595.955327                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7772071250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1798420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  44287514750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             410657100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             218269425                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1867031460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1358405820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4251464880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20202548190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3668802240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         31977179115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         593.731211                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9373679250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1798420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  42685906750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53858006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53858006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53858006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1051605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1051605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1051613                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1051613                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         526529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             526529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        526725                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            526725                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38689397000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  38689397000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38703377000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  38703377000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1578134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1578134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1578338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1578338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.333640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.333721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73480.087517                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73480.087517                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73479.286155                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73479.286155                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          523714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                523714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        526529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       526725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37636339000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37636339000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37649927000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37649927000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71480.087517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71480.087517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71479.286155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71479.286155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     526469                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          874070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              874070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    111068000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    111068000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       878669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          878669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24150.467493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24150.467493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    101870000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101870000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22150.467493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22150.467493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         177535                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             177535                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       521930                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           521930                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38578329000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  38578329000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       699465                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         699465                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.746185                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.746185                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73914.756768                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73914.756768                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       521930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37534469000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37534469000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.746185                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.746185                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71914.756768                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71914.756768                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13980000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     13980000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71326.530612                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71326.530612                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13588000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13588000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69326.530612                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69326.530612                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53858006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               157.425706                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1578338                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                526725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.996512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   157.425706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.614944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.614944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2105063                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2105063                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53858006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53858006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53858006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                3257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3244                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               3257                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        523481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            525382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       523481                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           525382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     88530000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35513717000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  35602247000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     88530000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35513717000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  35602247000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       526725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          528639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       526725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         528639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.993839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.993839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 46570.226197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67841.463205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67764.497071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 46570.226197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67841.463205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67764.497071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         522021                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               522021                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       525382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       525382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84728000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34466755000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34551483000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84728000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34466755000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34551483000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44570.226197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65841.463205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65764.497071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44570.226197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65841.463205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65764.497071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    526333                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               3257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       523481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           525382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     88530000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35513717000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35602247000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       526725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         528639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.993839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 46570.226197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67841.463205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67764.497071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       525382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84728000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34466755000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34551483000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44570.226197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65841.463205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65764.497071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53858006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              409.892092                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1052353                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               526845                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997462                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    37.082229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   231.502366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   141.307497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.072426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.452153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.275991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.800570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          478                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1579198                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1579198                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53858006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               528639                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              528639                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        523714                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1577164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1580992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     67228096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       122496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67350592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             9570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3147209000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2633625000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53858006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53858006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53858006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  53858006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
