
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3616670000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 108092                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34267984                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   225432                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              390844192                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000201                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2086018                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003617                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3616670000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            130155                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000201                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2086018                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      191599                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       52548                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            66                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1430703                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3616659                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3616659                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1162363                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              616039                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       103956                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 566242                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        566242                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               986117                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              538730                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       16403                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1646893                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1646893                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3322248                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1547193                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      191593                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        244138                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      52545                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18760      0.90%      0.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1369685     65.66%     66.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1361      0.07%     66.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      4.56%     71.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   51626      2.47%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.04%     73.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     73.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    30580      1.47%     75.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.10%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   37694      1.81%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.03%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              109306      5.24%     82.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     82.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     82.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               29146      1.40%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               14524      0.70%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              80538      3.86%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    87397      4.19%     92.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   47987      2.30%     94.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104196      4.99%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4558      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2086047                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    44                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            1234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          281                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          953                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           1234                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          2965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1147                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1818                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         2965                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67340000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    110481000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    177821000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67340000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    110481000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    177821000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         2771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         4199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         2771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         4199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.803221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.656081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.706121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.803221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.656081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.706121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58709.677419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60770.627063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59973.355818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58709.677419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60770.627063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59973.355818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         2965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         2965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65046000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    106845000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    171891000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65046000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    106845000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    171891000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.803221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.656081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.706121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.803221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.656081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.706121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56709.677419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58770.627063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57973.355818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56709.677419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58770.627063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57973.355818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           1234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         2965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67340000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    110481000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    177821000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         4199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.803221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.656081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.706121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58709.677419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60770.627063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59973.355818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65046000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    106845000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    171891000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.803221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.656081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.706121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56709.677419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58770.627063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57973.355818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         1680                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1680                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         1680                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1680                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2419.083430                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1062.266661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1356.816769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.016209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.020703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.036912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2965                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2761                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.045242                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses             8844                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses            8844                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1429099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1429099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1429099                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1429099                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1604                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1604                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94884000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94884000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94884000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94884000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1430703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1430703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1430703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1430703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.001121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.001121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59154.613466                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59154.613466                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59154.613466                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59154.613466                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91676000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91676000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91676000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91676000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57154.613466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57154.613466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57154.613466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57154.613466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1349                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1429099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1429099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94884000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94884000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1430703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1430703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.001121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59154.613466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59154.613466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57154.613466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57154.613466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               250.766959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  203822                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1349                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                151.091179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.766959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.979558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.979558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1432307                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1432307                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2965                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2965                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         5930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         5930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   5930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       189760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       189760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  189760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             2965000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           15820000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           73408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          116352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              189760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        73408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          73408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1818                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 2965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           20297124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           32171030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               52468154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      20297124                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          20297124                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          20297124                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          32171030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              52468154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1147.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1818.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000561500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 6858                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         2965                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       2965                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                 83                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15                77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      23387250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    14825000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 78981000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7887.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26637.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2031                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   2965                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     2965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     203.169165                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    132.949081                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    246.107278                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           379     40.58%     40.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          354     37.90%     78.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           76      8.14%     86.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           31      3.32%     89.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           17      1.82%     91.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.75%     92.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           12      1.28%     93.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      1.07%     94.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           48      5.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  189760                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   189760                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         52.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      52.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3612096000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1218244.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        73408                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       116352                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 20297124.150115989149                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 32171030.257114969194                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1147                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1818                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     29124250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     49856750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25391.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27423.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               3884160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2064480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy              9703260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      285192960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         972596130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         569772960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1843213950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         509.643940                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1471980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    120640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2024050000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               2784600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1480050                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             11466840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      285192960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         365433840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1081067520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1747425810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         483.158765                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2806791000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    120640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    689239000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           239975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               239975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          239991                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              239991                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           4122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               4122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          4127                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              4127                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    179530000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    179530000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    179875000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    179875000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       244097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           244097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       244118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          244118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43554.099951                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43554.099951                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43584.928520                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43584.928520                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            2414                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  2414                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          4122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    171288000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    171288000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    171623000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    171623000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41554.585153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41554.585153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41585.413133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41585.413133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       3870                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          189969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              189969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          1609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              1609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     42722000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     42722000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       191578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          191578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26551.895587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26551.895587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     39504000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39504000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24551.895587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24551.895587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          50006                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              50006                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2513                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2513                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    136808000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    136808000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        52519                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          52519                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047849                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.047849                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54440.111421                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54440.111421                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2513                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2513                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    131784000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131784000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047849                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047849                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52440.907282                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52440.907282                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       345000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       345000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        69000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        69000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       335000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       335000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        67000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               247.870777                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  189376                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  3870                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 48.934367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   247.870777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.968245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.968245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                248244                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               248244                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            1355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                1531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           1355                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               1531                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          2772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              4200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             4200                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83610000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    142868000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    226478000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83610000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    142868000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    226478000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            5731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           5731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.732856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.732856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58550.420168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51539.682540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53923.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58550.420168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51539.682540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53923.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           1680                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 1680                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80754000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    137326000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    218080000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80754000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    137326000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    218080000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56550.420168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49540.404040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51923.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56550.420168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49540.404040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51923.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      4874                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           1355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               1531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             4200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83610000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    142868000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    226478000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total           5731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.732856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58550.420168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51539.682540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53923.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80754000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    137326000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    218080000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56550.420168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49540.404040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51923.809524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2414                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2414                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2414                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2414                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              500.211183                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                   6849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 4874                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.405211                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   133.268807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    86.723251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   280.219124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.260291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.169381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.547303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.976975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          283                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                13531                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               13531                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 5731                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                5730                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          2414                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        10667                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   13875                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       418560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       102656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   521216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8020000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             17801000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            20630000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3616670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7066549000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 123068                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34268648                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   241703                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    16.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              434436571                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2001784                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3931529                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007067                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7066549000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            242735                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2001784                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3931529                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      371876                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       86448                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2903582                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7066538                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7066538                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1691565                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1088693                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       182787                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1420748                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1420748                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2480409                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             1359498                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       38903                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               2851774                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      2851774                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             5394743                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2414244                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      371870                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        458315                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      86445                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18771      0.48%      0.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2459752     62.56%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1395      0.04%     63.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      2.42%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  131045      3.33%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.02%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    75546      1.92%     70.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.05%     70.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   93899      2.39%     73.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     73.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     73.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.02%     73.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              278189      7.08%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               74125      1.89%     82.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               36978      0.94%     83.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             204865      5.21%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   110004      2.80%     91.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   81886      2.08%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              261866      6.66%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4559      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3931569                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    44                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            1617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          285                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1332                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           1617                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2526                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3676                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67510000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    156963000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    224473000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67510000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    156963000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    224473000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         5293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         5293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.801394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.654743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.694502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.801394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.654743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.694502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58704.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62138.954869                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61064.472252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58704.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62138.954869                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61064.472252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65210000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    151911000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    217121000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65210000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    151911000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    217121000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.801394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.654743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.694502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.801394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.654743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.694502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56704.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60138.954869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59064.472252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56704.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60138.954869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59064.472252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           1617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67510000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    156963000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    224473000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         5293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.801394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.654743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.694502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58704.347826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62138.954869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61064.472252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65210000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    151911000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    217121000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.801394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.654743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.694502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56704.347826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60138.954869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59064.472252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2804                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2804                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2804                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2804                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7066549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2858.160422                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1103.910702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1754.249719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.016844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.026768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.043612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3676                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3465                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.056091                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            11773                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           11773                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7066549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2901971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2901971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2901971                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2901971                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1611                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1611                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95182000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95182000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95182000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95182000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2903582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2903582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2903582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2903582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59082.557418                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59082.557418                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59082.557418                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59082.557418                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91960000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91960000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91960000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91960000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57082.557418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57082.557418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57082.557418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57082.557418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1356                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2901971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2901971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95182000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95182000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2903582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2903582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59082.557418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59082.557418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91960000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91960000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57082.557418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57082.557418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7066549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.833524                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  204031                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                150.465339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.833524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.987631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2905193                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2905193                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7066549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3676                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3676                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         7352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         7352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   7352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       235264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       235264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  235264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3676000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           19677000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7066549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           73600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          161664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              235264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        73600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          73600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3676                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           10415268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           22877362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               33292630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      10415268                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10415268                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          10415268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          22877362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              33292630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1150.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2526.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000573500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9166                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3676                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3676                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                 87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      32943000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    18380000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                101868000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8961.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27711.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2241                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3676                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3676                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     163.947038                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    113.894905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    206.530015                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           674     46.97%     46.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          559     38.95%     85.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           77      5.37%     91.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           31      2.16%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           17      1.18%     94.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.49%     95.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           12      0.84%     95.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.70%     96.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           48      3.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  235264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   235264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         33.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      33.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7057161000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1919793.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        73600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       161664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 10415267.763656631112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 22877362.061736214906                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2526                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     29194250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     72673750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25386.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28770.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6461700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3434475                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             13308960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      557478480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1806903420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1191952320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3579539355                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         506.547022                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3081276750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    235820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3749452250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3784200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2011350                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             12937680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      557478480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         643354440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2171783040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3391349190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         479.915895                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5639240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    235820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1191489000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7066549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7066549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7066549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           452136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               452136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          452152                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              452152                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6132                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6132                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    259033000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    259033000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    259378000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    259378000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       458263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           458263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       458284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          458284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42277.297209                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42277.297209                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42299.086758                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42299.086758                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3823                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3823                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246781000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    246781000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    247116000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    247116000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40277.623633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40277.623633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40299.412916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40299.412916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       5875                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          369643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              369643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     53335000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53335000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       371855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          371855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24111.663653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24111.663653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     48911000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48911000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22111.663653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22111.663653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          82493                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              82493                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3915                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3915                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    205698000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    205698000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        86408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          86408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045308                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.045308                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52540.996169                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52540.996169                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    197870000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    197870000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045308                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045308                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50541.507024                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50541.507024                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       345000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       345000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        69000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        69000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       335000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       335000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        67000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7066549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.839452                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  414097                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  5875                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 70.484596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.839452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.983748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.983748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                464415                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               464415                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7066549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7066549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7066549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                2449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2273                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               2449                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              5294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3859                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             5294                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83865000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    202065000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    285930000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83865000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    202065000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    285930000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            7743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           7743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.683714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.683714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58442.508711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52362.010884                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54010.200227                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58442.508711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52362.010884                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54010.200227                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2804                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2804                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    194349000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    275344000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    194349000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    275344000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56442.508711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50362.529153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52010.578013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56442.508711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50362.529153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52010.578013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      6436                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               2449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             5294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83865000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    202065000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    285930000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total           7743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.683714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58442.508711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52362.010884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54010.200227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    194349000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    275344000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56442.508711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50362.529153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52010.578013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3823                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3823                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3823                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3823                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7066549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.966466                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  10399                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 6436                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.615755                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    88.205170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    45.187481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   372.573815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.172276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.088257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.727683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.988216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          288                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                18514                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               18514                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7066549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7743                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                7742                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3823                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        16086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   19308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       637056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       103104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   740160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8055000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             26858000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            30655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7066549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7066549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7066549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7066549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                10509512000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 126993                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34268648                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   244263                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    23.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              444500690                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3002514                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5775189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.010510                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10509512000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            355057                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3002514                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5775189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      552146                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      120155                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           111                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4374883                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         10509501                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   10509501                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2219481                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1560433                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       261413                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2275438                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2275438                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3974671                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2180490                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       61367                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4054721                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4054721                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7463695                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3279660                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      552140                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        672292                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     120152                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18771      0.33%      0.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3547494     61.43%     61.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1395      0.02%     61.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      1.65%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  210805      3.65%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.02%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   120474      2.09%     69.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     69.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.04%     69.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  150059      2.60%     71.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     71.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     71.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.01%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              447223      7.74%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              119055      2.06%     81.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               59438      1.03%     82.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             329545      5.71%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   132468      2.29%     90.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  115593      2.00%     92.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              419672      7.27%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4559      0.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5775240                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    44                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            1849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          285                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1564                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           1849                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3228                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4378                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67510000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    201540000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    269050000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67510000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    201540000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    269050000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         6227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         6227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.801394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.673623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.703067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.801394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.673623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.703067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58704.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62434.944238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61455.002284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58704.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62434.944238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61455.002284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65210000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    195084000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    260294000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65210000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    195084000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    260294000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.801394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.673623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.703067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.801394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.673623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.703067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56704.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60434.944238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59455.002284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56704.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60434.944238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59455.002284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           1849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67510000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    201540000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    269050000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         6227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.801394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.673623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.703067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58704.347826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62434.944238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61455.002284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65210000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    195084000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    260294000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.801394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.673623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.703067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56704.347826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60434.944238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59455.002284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3852                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3852                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3852                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3852                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10509512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3241.412125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1119.009762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2122.402363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.017075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.032385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.049460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2060                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.066803                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            14457                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           14457                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10509512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4373272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4373272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4373272                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4373272                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1611                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1611                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95182000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95182000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95182000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95182000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4374883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4374883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4374883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4374883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59082.557418                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59082.557418                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59082.557418                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59082.557418                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91960000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91960000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91960000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91960000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57082.557418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57082.557418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57082.557418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57082.557418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1356                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4373272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4373272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95182000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95182000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4374883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4374883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59082.557418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59082.557418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91960000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91960000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57082.557418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57082.557418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10509512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.543271                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  204031                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                150.465339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.543271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4376494                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4376494                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10509512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4378                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4378                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         8756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         8756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       280192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       280192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  280192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4378000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           23462250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10509512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           73600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          206592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              280192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        73600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          73600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4378                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7003180                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           19657621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               26660800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7003180                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7003180                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7003180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          19657621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              26660800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1150.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3228.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000578000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                11454                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4378                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4378                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      40916250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    21890000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                123003750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9345.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28095.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2543                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  58.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4378                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4378                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1835                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     152.693188                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    112.584991                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    184.313348                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           772     42.07%     42.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          861     46.92%     88.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           77      4.20%     93.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           31      1.69%     94.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           17      0.93%     95.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.38%     96.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           12      0.65%     96.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.54%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           48      2.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1835                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  280192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   280192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         26.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      26.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    10500138000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2398386.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        73600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       206592                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7003179.595779518597                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 19657620.639283727854                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3228                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     29194250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     93809500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25386.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29061.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     58.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6461700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3434475                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             13308960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      829149360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1856535600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2472254400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5181144495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         492.995726                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6409319750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    350740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3749452250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               6640200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3529350                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             17949960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      829149360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1356463200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2893368000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5107100070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         485.950258                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7507103750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    350740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2651668250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10509512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10509512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10509512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           664140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               664140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          664156                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              664156                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          8094                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              8094                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    335386000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    335386000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    335731000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    335731000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       672229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           672229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       672250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          672250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41461.985412                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41461.985412                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41478.996788                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41478.996788                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5241                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5241                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    319210000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    319210000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    319545000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    319545000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39462.232662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39462.232662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39479.243884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39479.243884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       7837                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          549369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              549369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     62423000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     62423000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       552125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          552125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22649.854862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22649.854862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     56911000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56911000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20649.854862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20649.854862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         114771                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             114771                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    272963000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    272963000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       120104                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         120104                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044403                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.044403                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51183.761485                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51183.761485                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    262299000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    262299000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044403                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044403                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49184.136509                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49184.136509                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       345000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       345000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        69000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        69000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       335000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       335000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        67000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10509512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.202466                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  636879                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  7837                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 81.265663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.202466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                680343                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               680343                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10509512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10509512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10509512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                3477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               3477                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              6228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4793                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             6228                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83865000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    257380000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    341245000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83865000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    257380000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    341245000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            9705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           9705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.641731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.641731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58442.508711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53699.144586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54792.068080                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58442.508711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53699.144586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54792.068080                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3852                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3852                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    247796000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    328791000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    247796000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    328791000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641731                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641731                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56442.508711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51699.561861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52792.389210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56442.508711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51699.561861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52792.389210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      7739                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               3477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             6228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83865000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    257380000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    341245000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total           9705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.641731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58442.508711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53699.144586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54792.068080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    247796000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    328791000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56442.508711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51699.561861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52792.389210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5241                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5241                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5241                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5241                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10509512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.943079                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  13619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 7739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.759788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    64.472221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    30.456660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   413.014198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.125922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.059486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.806668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          306                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                23197                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               23197                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10509512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 9705                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                9704                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5241                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        21428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   24650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       853376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       103104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   956480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8055000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             35910000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            40465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10509512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10509512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10509512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  10509512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                13947444000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 130829                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34268648                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   249003                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    30.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              456063322                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4001019                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7615062                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.013947                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13947444000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            467306                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4001019                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7615062                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      731809                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      153940                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           133                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5843490                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         13947433                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   13947433                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2747138                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2031714                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       340013                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3127348                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3127348                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              5464625                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2998758                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       83799                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5255871                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5255871                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             9529671                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4144051                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      731803                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        885740                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     153937                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18781      0.25%      0.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4634599     60.86%     61.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1429      0.02%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      1.25%     62.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  289836      3.81%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.01%     66.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   165312      2.17%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.03%     68.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  206104      2.71%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.01%     71.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     71.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     71.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     71.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              615544      8.08%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              163906      2.15%     81.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               81828      1.07%     82.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             453356      5.95%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   154991      2.04%     90.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  149377      1.96%     92.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              576812      7.57%     99.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4560      0.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7615124                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    44                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          289                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1878                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2167                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          5083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3933                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         5083                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67510000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    247167000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    314677000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67510000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    247167000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    314677000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         5811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         7250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         5811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         7250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.799166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.676820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.701103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.799166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.676820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.701103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58704.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62844.393593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61907.731655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58704.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62844.393593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61907.731655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         5083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         5083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65210000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239301000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    304511000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65210000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239301000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    304511000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.799166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.676820                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.701103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.799166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.676820                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.701103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56704.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60844.393593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59907.731655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56704.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60844.393593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59907.731655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         5083                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67510000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    247167000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    314677000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         5811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         7250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.799166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.676820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.701103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58704.347826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62844.393593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61907.731655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65210000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239301000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    304511000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.799166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.676820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.701103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56704.347826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60844.393593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59907.731655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4941                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4941                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4941                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4941                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13947444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3608.858660                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1126.648605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2482.210056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.017191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.037876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.055067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5083                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1847                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3033                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.077560                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            17274                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           17274                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13947444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5841875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5841875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5841875                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5841875                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1615                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1615                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95258000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95258000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95258000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95258000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5843490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5843490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5843490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5843490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58983.281734                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58983.281734                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58983.281734                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58983.281734                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92028000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92028000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92028000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92028000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56983.281734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56983.281734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56983.281734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56983.281734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1360                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5841875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5841875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95258000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95258000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5843490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5843490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58983.281734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58983.281734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92028000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92028000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56983.281734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56983.281734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13947444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.902343                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  204059                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                150.043382                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.902343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5845105                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5845105                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13947444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5083                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5083                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        10166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        10166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  10166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       325312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       325312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  325312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             5083000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           27288250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13947444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           73600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          251712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              325312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        73600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          73600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3933                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5083                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            5276953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           18047178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               23324130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       5276953                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           5276953                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           5276953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          18047178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              23324130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1150.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3933.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000578000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                13748                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5083                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5083                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      49758500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    25415000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                145064750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9789.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28539.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2747                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  54.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5083                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5083                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     139.260274                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    105.964325                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    165.999388                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1069     45.76%     45.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1065     45.59%     91.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           77      3.30%     94.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           31      1.33%     95.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           17      0.73%     96.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.30%     97.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           12      0.51%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.43%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           48      2.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  325312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   325312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         23.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      23.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    13942856000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2743036.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        73600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       251712                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 5276952.536966630258                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 18047177.676425874233                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3933                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     29194250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    115870500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25386.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29461.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     54.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9346260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4967655                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             17450160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1100820240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2795340420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3001848000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6929772735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         496.848938                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7776860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    465660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5704924000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               7332780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3897465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             18842460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1100820240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1579971030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4025316960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6736180935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         482.968846                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10447444500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    465660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3034339500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13947444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13947444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13947444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           875622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               875622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          875638                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              875638                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          10044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              10044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         10049                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             10049                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    413064000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    413064000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    413409000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    413409000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       885666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           885666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       885687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          885687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41125.448029                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41125.448029                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41139.317345                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41139.317345                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            6673                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  6673                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         10044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    392978000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    392978000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    393313000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    393313000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39125.647153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39125.647153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39139.516370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39139.516370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9792                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          728503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              728503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          3285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              3285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71590000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71590000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       731788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          731788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21792.998478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21792.998478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     65020000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65020000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19792.998478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19792.998478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         147119                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             147119                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6759                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6759                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    341474000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    341474000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       153878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         153878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043924                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.043924                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50521.378902                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50521.378902                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327958000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    327958000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043924                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043924                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48521.674804                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48521.674804                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       345000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       345000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        69000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        69000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       335000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       335000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        67000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13947444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.892035                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  856120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9792                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 87.430556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.892035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                895735                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               895735                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13947444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13947444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13947444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                4413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4237                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               4413                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          5812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              7251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5812                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             7251                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83917000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    314844000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    398761000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83917000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    314844000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    398761000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           11664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          11664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.621656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.621656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58316.191800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54171.369580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54993.931871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58316.191800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54171.369580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54993.931871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4941                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4941                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     81039000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    303222000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    384261000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     81039000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    303222000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    384261000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56316.191800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52171.713696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52994.207695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56316.191800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52171.713696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52994.207695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      9182                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               4413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5812                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             7251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83917000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    314844000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    398761000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          11664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.621656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58316.191800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54171.369580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54993.931871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     81039000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    303222000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    384261000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56316.191800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52171.713696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52994.207695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6673                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6673                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6673                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6673                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13947444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.943077                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  17015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 9182                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.853082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    51.826518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    23.105851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   434.010708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.101224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.045129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.847677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          302                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                28031                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               28031                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13947444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                11664                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               11663                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          6673                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        26770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   30000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1070144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       103360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1173504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8075000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             45029000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            50240000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13947444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13947444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13947444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  13947444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17384644000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 133019                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34268648                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   251556                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    37.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              462488031                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000067                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9455827                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017385                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17384644000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            579596                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000067                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9455827                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      911674                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      187744                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           155                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7312404                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17384633                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17384633                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3275011                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2503121                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       418644                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3979662                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3979662                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              6954876                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             3817427                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      106239                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6457690                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6457690                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11596930                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5008870                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      911668                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1099409                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     187741                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18791      0.20%      0.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5721507     60.51%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1463      0.02%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      1.01%     61.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  369202      3.90%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.01%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   210154      2.22%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.02%     67.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  262154      2.77%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.01%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              784044      8.29%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              208761      2.21%     81.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv              104220      1.10%     82.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             577506      6.11%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   177538      1.88%     90.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  183180      1.94%     92.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              734130      7.76%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4561      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9455900                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    45                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          304                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2172                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2476                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          5787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4637                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         5787                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67510000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291725000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    359235000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67510000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291725000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    359235000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         8263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         8263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.790922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.681010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.700351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.790922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.681010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.700351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58704.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62912.443390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62076.205288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58704.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62912.443390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62076.205288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         5787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         5787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65210000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    282451000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    347661000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65210000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    282451000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    347661000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.790922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.681010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.700351                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.790922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.681010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.700351                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56704.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60912.443390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60076.205288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56704.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60912.443390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60076.205288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         5787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67510000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291725000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    359235000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         8263                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.790922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.681010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.700351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58704.347826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62912.443390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62076.205288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65210000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    282451000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    347661000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.790922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.681010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.700351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56704.347826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60912.443390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60076.205288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6050                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6050                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6050                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6050                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17384644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3969.844000                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1131.265519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2838.578481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.017262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.043313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.060575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5787                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1838                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3742                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.088303                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            20100                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           20100                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17384644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7310774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7310774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7310774                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7310774                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1630                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1630                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95546000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95546000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95546000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95546000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7312404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7312404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7312404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7312404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58617.177914                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58617.177914                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58617.177914                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58617.177914                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92286000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92286000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92286000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92286000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56617.177914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56617.177914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56617.177914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56617.177914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1375                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7310774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7310774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95546000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95546000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7312404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7312404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58617.177914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58617.177914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92286000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92286000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56617.177914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56617.177914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17384644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.119366                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  450790                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1375                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                327.847273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.119366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7314034                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7314034                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17384644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5787                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5787                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        11574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        11574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       370368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       370368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  370368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             5787000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           31104000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17384644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           73600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          296768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              370368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        73600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          73600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5787                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            4233621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           17070698                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               21304319                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       4233621                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           4233621                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           4233621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          17070698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              21304319                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1150.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4637.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000578000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                16038                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5787                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5787                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      57588750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    28935000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                166095000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9951.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28701.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2970                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  51.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5787                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5787                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2816                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     131.500000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    102.713585                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    152.731604                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1327     47.12%     47.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1287     45.70%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           77      2.73%     95.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           31      1.10%     96.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           17      0.60%     97.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.25%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           12      0.43%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.36%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           48      1.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2816                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  370368                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   370368                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         21.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      21.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17384248000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3004017.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        73600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       296768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 4233621.349968397059                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 17070697.565046485513                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4637                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     29194250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    136900750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25386.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29523.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     51.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              11588220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6159285                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             20627460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1371876480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3529384140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3703590720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8643226305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         497.175916                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9593913250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    580320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7210410750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               8525160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4527435                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             20691720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1371876480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1915631490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5062540320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8383792605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         482.252763                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13140202250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    580320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3664121750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17384644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17384644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17384644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1087391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1087391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1087407                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1087407                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          11933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              11933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         11938                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             11938                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    488596000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    488596000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    488941000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    488941000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1099324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1099324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1099345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1099345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40944.942596                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40944.942596                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40956.692913                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40956.692913                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8067                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8067                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         11933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    464732000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    464732000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    465067000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    465067000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38945.110199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38945.110199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38956.860446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38956.860446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      11681                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          907864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              907864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          3789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              3789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     80286000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80286000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       911653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          911653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21189.231987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21189.231987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     72708000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72708000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19189.231987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19189.231987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         179527                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             179527                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8144                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8144                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    408310000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    408310000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       187671                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         187671                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043395                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.043395                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50136.296660                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50136.296660                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    392024000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    392024000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043395                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043395                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48136.542240                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48136.542240                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       345000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       345000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        69000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        69000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       335000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       335000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        67000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17384644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.308811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1048238                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 11681                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 89.738721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.308811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1111282                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1111282                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17384644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17384644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17384644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                5304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5128                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               5304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              8264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6810                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             8264                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84112000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    370968000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    455080000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84112000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    370968000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    455080000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        11938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           13568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        11938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          13568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.609080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.609080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57848.693260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54474.008811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55067.763795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57848.693260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54474.008811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55067.763795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6050                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6050                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     81204000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    357350000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    438554000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     81204000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    357350000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    438554000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55848.693260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52474.302496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53068.005808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55848.693260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52474.302496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53068.005808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     10630                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               5304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             8264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84112000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    370968000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    455080000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          13568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.609080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57848.693260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54474.008811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55067.763795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     81204000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    357350000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    438554000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55848.693260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52474.302496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53068.005808                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8067                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8067                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8067                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8067                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17384644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.547476                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  20481                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                10630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.926717                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    43.555319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    19.143382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   446.848775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.085069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.037389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.872752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          278                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                32777                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               32777                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17384644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                13568                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               13567                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8067                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        31942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   35202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1280256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       104320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1384576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             53903000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            59685000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17384644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17384644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17384644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17384644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                20825275000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 137444                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34268648                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   258807                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    43.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              477006063                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000543                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11299076                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.020825                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 20825275000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            691908                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000543                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11299076                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1091846                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      221446                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           175                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8783572                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         20825264                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   20825264                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3802880                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2974819                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       497263                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4834112                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4834112                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              8448923                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             4638182                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      128701                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7660364                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7660364                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13665362                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5874127                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1091840                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1313283                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     221443                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18791      0.17%      0.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6809398     60.26%     60.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1463      0.01%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      0.84%     61.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  448791      3.97%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.01%     65.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     65.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   255078      2.26%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.02%     67.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  318309      2.82%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.01%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              952981      8.43%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              253687      2.25%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv              126678      1.12%     82.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             702011      6.21%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   200000      1.77%     90.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  216882      1.92%     92.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              891840      7.89%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4561      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11299159                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    45                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          304                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2404                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2708                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5338                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6488                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67510000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    335275000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    402785000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67510000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    335275000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    402785000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         9196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         9196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.790922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.689486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.705524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.790922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.689486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.705524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58704.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62809.104534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62081.535142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58704.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62809.104534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62081.535142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65210000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    324599000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    389809000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65210000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    324599000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    389809000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.790922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.689486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.705524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.790922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.689486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.705524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56704.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60809.104534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60081.535142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56704.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60809.104534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60081.535142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67510000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    335275000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    402785000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         9196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.790922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.689486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.705524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58704.347826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62809.104534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62081.535142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65210000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    324599000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    389809000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.790922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.689486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.705524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56704.347826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60809.104534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60081.535142                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7039                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7039                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7039                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7039                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20825275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4328.030511                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1134.360721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3193.669790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.017309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.048732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.066041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1840                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.098999                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            22723                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           22723                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20825275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8781942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8781942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8781942                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8781942                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1630                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1630                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95546000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95546000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95546000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95546000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8783572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8783572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8783572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8783572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58617.177914                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58617.177914                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58617.177914                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58617.177914                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92286000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92286000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92286000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92286000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56617.177914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56617.177914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56617.177914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56617.177914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1375                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8781942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8781942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95546000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95546000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8783572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8783572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58617.177914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58617.177914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92286000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92286000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56617.177914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56617.177914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20825275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.264859                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  450790                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1375                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                327.847273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.264859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8785202                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8785202                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20825275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6488                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6488                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        12976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        12976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       415232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       415232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  415232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6488000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           34877500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20825275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           73600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          341632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              415232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        73600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          73600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5338                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3534167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           16404681                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               19938848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3534167                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3534167                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3534167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          16404681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              19938848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1150.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5338.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000578000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                18324                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6488                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6488                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      64593500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    32440000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                186243500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9955.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28705.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3296                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  50.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6488                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6488                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3192                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     130.085213                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    104.272923                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    143.697383                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1377     43.14%     43.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1613     50.53%     93.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           77      2.41%     96.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           31      0.97%     97.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           17      0.53%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.22%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           12      0.38%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.31%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           48      1.50%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3192                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  415232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   415232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         19.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      19.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    20815901000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3208369.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        73600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       341632                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3534167.015801711939                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 16404681.330738728866                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5338                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     29194250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    157049250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25386.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29420.99                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     50.80                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              11588220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6159285                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             20627460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1643547360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3579016320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4982997120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10243935765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         491.899183                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12919624250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    695240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7210410750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              11202660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5954355                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             25696860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1643547360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2614741620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5795017920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10096160775                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         484.803239                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15036534250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    695240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5093500750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20825275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20825275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20825275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1299357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1299357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1299373                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1299373                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          13831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              13831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         13836                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             13836                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    562959000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    562959000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    563304000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    563304000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1313188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1313188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1313209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1313209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40702.696840                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40702.696840                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40712.922810                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40712.922810                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9420                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9420                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    535299000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    535299000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    535634000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    535634000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38702.841443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38702.841443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38713.067361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38713.067361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      13579                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1087492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1087492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     89374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1091825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1091825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20626.355874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20626.355874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     80708000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80708000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18626.355874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18626.355874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         211865                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             211865                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9498                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9498                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    473585000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    473585000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       221363                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         221363                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042907                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.042907                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49861.549800                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49861.549800                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    454591000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    454591000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042907                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042907                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47861.760371                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47861.760371                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       345000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       345000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        69000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        69000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       335000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       335000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        67000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20825275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.588219                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1262638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 13579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 92.984609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.588219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1327044                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1327044                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20825275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20825275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20825275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                6269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6093                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               6269                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          7743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              9197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7743                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             9197                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84112000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    425245000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    509357000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84112000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    425245000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    509357000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           15466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          15466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.559627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.594659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.559627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.594659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57848.693260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54919.927677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55382.950962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57848.693260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54919.927677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55382.950962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7039                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7039                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     81204000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    409761000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    490965000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     81204000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    409761000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    490965000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.559627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.559627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55848.693260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52920.185974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53383.168424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55848.693260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52920.185974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53383.168424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     11871                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               6269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             9197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84112000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    425245000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    509357000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          15466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.559627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.594659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57848.693260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54919.927677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55382.950962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     81204000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    409761000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    490965000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.559627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55848.693260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52920.185974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53383.168424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9420                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9420                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9420                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9420                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20825275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.952668                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  23559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                11871                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.984584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    39.058109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    16.010151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   454.884408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.076285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.031270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.888446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          304                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                37269                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               37269                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20825275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                15466                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               15465                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9420                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        37091                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   40351                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1488320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       104320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1592640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             62566000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            69175000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20825275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20825275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20825275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  20825275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24267933000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 142160                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34268648                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   266868                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    49.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              492844854                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13140694                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024268                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24267933000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            804269                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13140694                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1271668                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      255258                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           199                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    10253585                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24267933                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24267933                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4331073                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3446578                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       575942                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                5686827                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       5686827                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              9940278                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             5457219                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      151154                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8862660                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8862660                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15733270                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6739342                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1271662                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1526918                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     255256                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18801      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7897549     60.10%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1497      0.01%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      0.72%     60.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  527894      4.02%     65.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     65.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     65.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     65.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     65.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     65.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.01%     65.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     65.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   299964      2.28%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.02%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  374413      2.85%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd             1121457      8.53%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              298586      2.27%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv              149088      1.13%     82.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             825933      6.29%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   222536      1.69%     90.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  250694      1.91%     91.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead             1049126      7.98%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4562      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13140789                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    45                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            3059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          309                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2750                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           3059                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6044                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7194                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67510000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    381089000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    448599000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67510000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    381089000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    448599000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        10253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        10253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.788211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.687287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.701648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.788211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.687287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.701648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58704.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63052.448709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62357.381151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58704.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63052.448709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62357.381151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65210000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    369001000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    434211000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65210000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    369001000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    434211000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.788211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.687287                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.701648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.788211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.687287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.701648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56704.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61052.448709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60357.381151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56704.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61052.448709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60357.381151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           3059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6044                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67510000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    381089000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    448599000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        10253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.788211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.687287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.701648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58704.347826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63052.448709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62357.381151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65210000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    369001000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    434211000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.788211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.687287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.701648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56704.347826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61052.448709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60357.381151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8130                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8130                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8130                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8130                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4684.753188                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              18383                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             7194                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.555324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1136.579315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3548.173872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.017343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.054141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.071484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7194                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1841                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.109772                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            25577                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           25577                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         10251950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total             10251950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10251950                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total            10251950                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1635                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1635                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95641000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95641000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95641000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95641000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     10253585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total         10253585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     10253585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total        10253585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58496.024465                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58496.024465                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58496.024465                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58496.024465                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92371000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92371000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92371000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92371000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56496.024465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56496.024465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56496.024465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56496.024465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1380                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10251950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            10251950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95641000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95641000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     10253585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10253585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58496.024465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58496.024465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92371000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92371000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56496.024465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56496.024465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.369146                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                10253585                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               6271.305810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.369146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses              10255220                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses             10255220                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7194                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7194                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        14388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        14388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  14388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       460416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       460416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  460416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7194000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           38707000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           73600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          386816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              460416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        73600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          73600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6044                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3032809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           15939388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               18972197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3032809                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3032809                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3032809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          15939388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              18972197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1150.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6044.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000578000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                20620                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7194                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7194                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      73572500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    35970000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                208460000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10226.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28976.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3502                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  48.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7194                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3691                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     124.722839                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    101.456222                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    134.822295                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1671     45.27%     45.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1818     49.25%     94.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           77      2.09%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           31      0.84%     97.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           17      0.46%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.19%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           12      0.33%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.27%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           48      1.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3691                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  460416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   460416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         18.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      18.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    24264436000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3372871.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        73600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       386816                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3032808.768674283288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 15939387.998145537451                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6044                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     29194250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    179265750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25386.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29660.12                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     48.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              14672700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7794930                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             25161360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1915218240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4601318160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5444092320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12008257710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         494.819963                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14108296250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    810160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   9349476750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              11688180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6212415                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             26203800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1915218240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2782339860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6975863520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11717526015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         482.839886                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18104606500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    810160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5353166500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1510928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1510928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1510944                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1510944                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          15882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              15882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         15887                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             15887                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    642365000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    642365000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    642710000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    642710000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1526810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1526810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1526831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1526831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40446.102506                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40446.102506                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40455.089067                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40455.089067                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10885                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10885                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    610601000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    610601000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    610936000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    610936000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38446.102506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38446.102506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38455.089067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38455.089067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      15631                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1266721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1266721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     99633000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99633000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1271647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1271647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20225.943971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20225.943971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     89781000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89781000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18225.943971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18225.943971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         244207                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             244207                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10956                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10956                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    542732000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    542732000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       255163                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         255163                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042937                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.042937                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49537.422417                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49537.422417                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    520820000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    520820000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042937                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042937                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47537.422417                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47537.422417                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       345000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       345000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        69000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        69000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       335000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       335000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        67000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.788495                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1526831                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 15887                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 96.105684                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.788495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1542718                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1542718                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                7269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7093                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               7269                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             10253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            10253                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84177000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    483323000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    567500000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84177000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    483323000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    567500000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           17522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          17522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.553534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.585150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.553534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.585150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57694.996573                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54960.541278                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55349.653760                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57694.996573                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54960.541278                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55349.653760                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8130                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8130                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     81259000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    465735000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    546994000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     81259000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    465735000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    546994000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.553534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.585150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.553534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.585150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55694.996573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52960.541278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53349.653760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55694.996573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52960.541278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53349.653760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     13350                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               7269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            10253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84177000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    483323000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    567500000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          17522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.553534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.585150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57694.996573                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54960.541278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55349.653760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     81259000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    465735000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    546994000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.553534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.585150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55694.996573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52960.541278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53349.653760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10885                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10885                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10885                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10885                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.243103                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  28407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13862                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.049271                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    35.475714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    13.869027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   460.898362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.069289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.027088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.900192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                42269                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               42269                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                17522                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               17522                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10885                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42659                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   45929                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1713408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       104640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1818048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8175000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             71947000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            79435000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24267933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
