
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12501911000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  72117                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34201640                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    90188                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    13.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              901581877                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000007                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1250599                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012502                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12501911000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             51551                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1250599                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      801836                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          3118                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1534413                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12501900                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12501900                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               261024                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              268247                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        48809                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 756157                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        756157                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               757822                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1765                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1249401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1249401                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3012436                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             396594                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11090                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        812925                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     801835                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    436122     34.83%     34.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.01%     34.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.01%     34.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     34.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     34.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     34.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     34.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     34.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     34.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     34.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     34.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     34.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     34.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.08%     35.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     35.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.03%     35.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.04%     35.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     35.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     35.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     35.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     35.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     35.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     35.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     35.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     35.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     35.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     35.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     35.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     35.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     35.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     35.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     35.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     35.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     35.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     35.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     35.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     35.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     35.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     35.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     35.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     35.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     35.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     35.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     35.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     35.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     35.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10720      0.86%     35.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   48097      3.84%     39.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.03%     39.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             753738     60.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1252154                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   105                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          113                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            130                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        99484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        100260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        99484                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       100260                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46595000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6252625000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   6299220000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46595000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6252625000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   6299220000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        99501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       100390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        99501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       100390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60045.103093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62850.558884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62828.845003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60045.103093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62850.558884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62828.845003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        97350                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            97350                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       100260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       100260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45043000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6053657000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6098700000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45043000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6053657000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6098700000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58045.103093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60850.558884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60828.845003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58045.103093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60850.558884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60828.845003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 98305                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        99484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       100260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46595000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6252625000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6299220000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        99501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       100390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.998705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60045.103093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62850.558884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62828.845003                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45043000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6053657000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6098700000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58045.103093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60850.558884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60828.845003                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        98911                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        98911                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        98911                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        98911                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12501911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2006.871544                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             195717                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            98305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.990916                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.916574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    12.606366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1993.348604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.006155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.973315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          727                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           299654                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          299654                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12501911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1533454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1533454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1533454                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1533454                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     63016000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     63016000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     63016000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     63016000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1534413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1534413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1534413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1534413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65710.114703                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65710.114703                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65710.114703                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65710.114703                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61098000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61098000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61098000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61098000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63710.114703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63710.114703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63710.114703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63710.114703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1533454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1533454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     63016000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     63016000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1534413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1534413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65710.114703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65710.114703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61098000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61098000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63710.114703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63710.114703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12501911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               245.968911                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.235955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   245.968911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.960816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.960816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1535372                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1535372                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12501911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              100260                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             100260                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        97350                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       297870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       297870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 297870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     12647040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     12647040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12647040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           587010000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          527775750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12501911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           49664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         6366976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             6416640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        49664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          49664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      6230400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          6230400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              776                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            99484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               100260                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         97350                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               97350                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3972513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          509280221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              513252734                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3972513                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3972513                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       498355811                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             498355811                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       498355811                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3972513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         509280221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1011608545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     97350.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       776.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     99484.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000342089750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          5727                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          5727                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               295934                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               91709                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       100260                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       97350                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     100260                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     97350                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               6361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               6231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               6235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               6218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               6352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               6213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               6194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               6210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               6213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               6212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              6247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              6295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              6276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              6294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              6401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               6069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               6034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               6060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               6026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               6079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               6033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               6034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               6016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               6016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               6083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              6081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              6144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              6144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              6146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              6209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              6144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1084289250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   501300000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2964164250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10814.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29564.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     89652                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    87932                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 100260                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 97350                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   100260                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    2283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    3375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    5722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    5728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    5728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    5728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    5728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    5728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    5728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    5728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    5728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    5728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    5764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    5728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    5728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    5728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    5728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    5727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        19993                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     632.467764                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    417.728164                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    416.331342                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2542     12.71%     12.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4117     20.59%     33.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          726      3.63%     36.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          606      3.03%     39.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          844      4.22%     44.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          559      2.80%     46.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          671      3.36%     50.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          716      3.58%     53.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         9212     46.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         19993                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         5727                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.503580                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.045598                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      22.391461                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            5718     99.84%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             6      0.10%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           5727                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         5727                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.992841                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.968862                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.902582                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              2353     41.09%     41.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              1062     18.54%     59.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              2312     40.37%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           5727                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 6416640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  6228352                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  6416640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               6230400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        513.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        498.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     513.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     498.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12501843000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       63265.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        49664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      6366976                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      6228352                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3972512.682261136360                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 509280221.239776909351                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 498191996.407589256763                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          776                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        99484                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        97350                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     20720750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   2943443500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 297876492250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26702.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29587.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3059850.97                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              71392860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              37946205                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            358756440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           255607740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      986497200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3012995490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2263474560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6986670495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         558.848203                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5781038250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    417300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6303572750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              71364300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              37927230                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            357099960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           252392220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      986497200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2987466330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2284972800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6977720040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.132276                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5837825250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    417300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6246785750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12501911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12501911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12501911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           711790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               711790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          711790                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              711790                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          99629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              99629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         99629                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             99629                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7946088000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7946088000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7946088000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7946088000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       811419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           811419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       811419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          811419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.122784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.122784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79756.777645                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79756.777645                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79756.777645                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79756.777645                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           99200                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 99200                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         99629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7746832000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7746832000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7746832000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7746832000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122784                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122784                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77756.797720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77756.797720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77756.797720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77756.797720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      99372                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14713000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14713000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53115.523466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53115.523466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14159000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14159000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51115.523466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51115.523466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         700929                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             700929                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        99352                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            99352                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7931375000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7931375000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       800281                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         800281                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79831.055238                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79831.055238                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99352                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        99352                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7732673000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7732673000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124146                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124146                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77831.075368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77831.075368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12501911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.604185                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  809377                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 99372                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.144920                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.604185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                911047                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               911047                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12501911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12501911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12501911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         99502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            100391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        99502                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           100391                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56600000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7347170000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7403770000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56600000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7347170000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7403770000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        99629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          100588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        99629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         100588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.998042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.998042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63667.041620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73839.420313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73749.340080                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63667.041620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73839.420313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73749.340080                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          98911                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                98911                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       100391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54822000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7148168000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7202990000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54822000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7148168000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7202990000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998042                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61667.041620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71839.440413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71749.360002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61667.041620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71839.440413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71749.360002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    100115                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        99502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           100391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56600000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7347170000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7403770000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        99629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         100588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.998042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63667.041620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73839.420313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73749.340080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54822000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7148168000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7202990000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61667.041620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71839.440413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71749.360002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        99200                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        99200                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        99200                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        99200                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12501911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.820064                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 199019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               100115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.987904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.844642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     5.153830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   502.821592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.010066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.982073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               300415                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              300415                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12501911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               100588                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              100587                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         99200                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       298457                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  300375                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     12724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 12786368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            596588000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           498140000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12501911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12501911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12501911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12501911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25386066000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  70691                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34202308                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    86911                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    28.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              897269542                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2458930                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025386                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25386066000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             93218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2458930                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1636793                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          6372                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3080956                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25386055                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25386055                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               469359                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              518247                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        90476                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1547821                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1547821                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1549485                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1765                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               2459359                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      2459359                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             5977269                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             729928                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11090                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1647882                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1636792                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    811123     32.94%     32.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.01%     32.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     32.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     32.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     32.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     32.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     32.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     32.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     32.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     32.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     32.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     32.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     32.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.04%     33.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     33.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.02%     33.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.02%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10720      0.44%     33.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   91390      3.71%     37.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.02%     37.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            1545402     62.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2462112                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   105                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          113                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            130                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       203650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        204426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       203650                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       204426                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46595000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12814544000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  12861139000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46595000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12814544000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  12861139000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       203667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       204556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       203667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       204556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60045.103093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62924.350602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62913.420993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60045.103093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62924.350602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62913.420993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       201516                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           201516                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       204426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       204426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45043000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12407244000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12452287000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45043000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12407244000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12452287000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58045.103093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60924.350602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60913.420993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58045.103093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60924.350602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60913.420993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                202471                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       203650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       204426                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46595000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12814544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12861139000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       203667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       204556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60045.103093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62924.350602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62913.420993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       204426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45043000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12407244000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12452287000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58045.103093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60924.350602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60913.420993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       203077                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       203077                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       203077                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       203077                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25386066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2027.745413                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             404049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           202471                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.995589                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.451386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     6.208275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2021.085751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.986858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          727                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           612152                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          612152                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25386066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3079997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3079997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3079997                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3079997                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     63016000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     63016000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     63016000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     63016000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3080956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3080956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3080956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3080956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65710.114703                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65710.114703                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65710.114703                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65710.114703                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61098000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61098000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61098000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61098000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63710.114703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63710.114703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63710.114703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63710.114703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3079997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3079997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     63016000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     63016000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3080956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3080956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65710.114703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65710.114703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61098000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61098000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63710.114703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63710.114703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25386066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.492218                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.235955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.492218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.962860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.962860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3081915                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3081915                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25386066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              204426                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             204426                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       201516                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       610368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       610368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 610368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     25980288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     25980288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                25980288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1212006000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1075999750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25386066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           49664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        13033600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            13083264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        49664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          49664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     12897024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         12897024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              776                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           203650                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               204426                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        201516                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              201516                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1956349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          513415509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              515371858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1956349                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1956349                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       508035550                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             508035550                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       508035550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1956349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         513415509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1023407408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    201516.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       776.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    203650.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000342089750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         11858                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         11858                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               606232                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              189877                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       204426                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      201516                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     204426                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    201516                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              12806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              12759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              12763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              12746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              12880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              12741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              12722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              12738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              12741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              12740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             12775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             12823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             12804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             12822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             12858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             12708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              12546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              12562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              12588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              12554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              12607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              12561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              12562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              12544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              12544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              12611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             12609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             12672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             12672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             12674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             12648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             12544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    2228223750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1022130000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               6061211250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10899.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29649.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    182967                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   182079                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 204426                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                201516                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   204426                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    4727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    6980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   11847                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   11858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   11858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   11858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   11858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   11858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   11858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   11858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   11858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   11858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   11935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   11858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   11858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   11858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   11858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   11858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        40877                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     635.542530                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    420.771430                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    416.015863                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5126     12.54%     12.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8393     20.53%     33.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1446      3.54%     36.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1200      2.94%     39.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1754      4.29%     43.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1138      2.78%     46.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1364      3.34%     49.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1478      3.62%     53.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        18978     46.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         40877                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11858                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.239416                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.005672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      15.576150                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           11849     99.92%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             6      0.05%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          11858                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11858                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.992579                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.968573                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.903049                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              4879     41.15%     41.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              2188     18.45%     59.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              4791     40.40%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          11858                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                13083264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 12895872                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 13083264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              12897024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        515.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        507.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     515.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     508.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25385978000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       62535.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        49664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     13033600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     12895872                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1956348.809618631145                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 513415509.122209012508                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 507990170.670792400837                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          776                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       203650                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       201516                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     20720750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   6040490500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 609933269250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26702.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29661.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3026723.78                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             145513200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              77338305                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            730214940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           527084280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2003726400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6081948450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4626608640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14192434215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         559.063945                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11817088750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    847600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12721377250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             146355720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              77789910                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            729386700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           524735280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2003726400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6066483780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4639631520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14188109310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.893580                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11850358000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    847600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12688108000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25386066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25386066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25386066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1440954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1440954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1440954                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1440954                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         203795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             203795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        203795                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            203795                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16278829000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16278829000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16278829000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16278829000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1644749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1644749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1644749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1644749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.123906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.123906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79878.451385                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79878.451385                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79878.451385                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79878.451385                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          203366                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                203366                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        203795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       203795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15871241000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15871241000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15871241000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15871241000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77878.461199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77878.461199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77878.461199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77878.461199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     203538                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14713000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14713000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53115.523466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53115.523466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14159000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14159000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51115.523466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51115.523466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1430093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1430093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       203518                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           203518                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16264116000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  16264116000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1633611                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1633611                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124582                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124582                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79914.877308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79914.877308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       203518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15857082000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15857082000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124582                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124582                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77914.887135                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77914.887135                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25386066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.820130                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1642705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                203538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.070753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.820130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1848543                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1848543                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25386066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25386066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25386066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        203668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            204557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       203668                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           204557                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56600000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15054915000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  15111515000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56600000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15054915000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  15111515000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       203795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          204754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       203795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         204754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63667.041620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73918.902331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73874.347981                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63667.041620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73918.902331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73874.347981                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         203077                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               203077                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54822000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14647581000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14702403000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54822000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14647581000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14702403000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61667.041620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71918.912151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71874.357758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61667.041620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71918.912151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71874.357758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    204281                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       203668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           204557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56600000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15054915000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15111515000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       203795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         204754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63667.041620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73918.902331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73874.347981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       204557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54822000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14647581000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14702403000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61667.041620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71918.912151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71874.357758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       203366                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       203366                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       203366                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       203366                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25386066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.433973                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 407351                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               204281                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.994072                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.415962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.538114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   507.479897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               612913                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              612913                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25386066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               204754                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              204753                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        203366                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       610955                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  612873                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     26058240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 26119616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1221584000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1018970000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25386066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25386066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25386066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25386066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                38270350000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  71269                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34202448                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    87120                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    42.09                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              909156820                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000012                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3667273                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.038270                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 38270350000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            134885                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000012                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3667273                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2471761                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          9628                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4627519                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         38270339                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   38270339                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               677694                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              768249                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       132143                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2339494                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2339494                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2341158                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1765                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3669330                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3669330                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             8942138                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1063264                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11090                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2482850                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    2471760                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1186126     32.30%     32.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     32.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     32.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     32.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     32.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     32.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     32.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     32.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     32.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     32.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     32.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     32.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     32.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.03%     32.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     32.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10720      0.29%     32.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  134685      3.67%     36.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     36.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            2337075     63.64%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3672083                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   105                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          113                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            130                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       307817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        308593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       307817                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       308593                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46595000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19376517000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  19423112000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46595000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19376517000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  19423112000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       307834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       308723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       307834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       308723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60045.103093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62948.170504                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62940.870337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60045.103093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62948.170504                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62940.870337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       305683                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           305683                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       308593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       308593                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45043000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18760883000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18805926000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45043000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18760883000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18805926000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58045.103093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60948.170504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60940.870337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58045.103093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60948.170504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60940.870337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                306638                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       307817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       308593                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46595000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19376517000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19423112000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       307834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       308723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60045.103093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62948.170504                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62940.870337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       308593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45043000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18760883000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18805926000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58045.103093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60948.170504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60940.870337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       307244                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       307244                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       307244                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       307244                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38270350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2034.564421                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             612383                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           306638                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.997088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.299420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     4.118166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2030.146835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          729                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           924653                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          924653                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38270350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4626560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4626560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4626560                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4626560                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     63016000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     63016000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     63016000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     63016000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4627519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4627519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4627519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4627519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65710.114703                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65710.114703                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65710.114703                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65710.114703                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61098000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61098000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61098000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61098000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63710.114703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63710.114703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63710.114703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63710.114703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4626560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4626560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     63016000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     63016000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4627519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4627519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65710.114703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65710.114703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61098000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61098000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63710.114703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63710.114703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38270350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.663171                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.235955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.663171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.963528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.963528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4628478                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4628478                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38270350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              308593                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             308593                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       305683                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       922869                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       922869                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 922869                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     39313664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     39313664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                39313664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1837008000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1624234250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38270350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           49664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        19700288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            19749952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        49664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          49664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     19563712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         19563712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              776                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           307817                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               308593                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        305683                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              305683                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1297715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          514766340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              516064055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1297715                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1297715                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       511197624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             511197624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       511197624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1297715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         514766340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1027261679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    305683.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       776.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    307817.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000342089750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         17989                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         17989                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               916531                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              288033                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       308593                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      305683                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     308593                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    305683                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              19334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              19287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              19291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              19274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              19408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              19269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              19250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              19266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              19269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              19268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             19303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             19351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             19236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             19222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             19329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             19236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              19074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              19090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              19116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              19082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              19135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              19089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              19090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              19072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              19072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              19139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             19137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             19200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             19087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             19074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             19137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             19072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3372155000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1542965000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               9158273750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10927.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29677.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    276284                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   276219                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 308593                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                305683                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   308593                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    7167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   10577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   17970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   17989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   17989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   17989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   17989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   17989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   17989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   17989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   17989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   17989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   18108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   17989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   17989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   17989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   17989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   17989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        61754                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     636.594488                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    421.832118                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    415.886372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7708     12.48%     12.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12668     20.51%     33.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2158      3.49%     36.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1796      2.91%     39.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2667      4.32%     43.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1724      2.79%     46.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2049      3.32%     49.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2240      3.63%     53.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        28744     46.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         61754                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17989                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.154428                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.992077                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      12.657733                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           17980     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             6      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          17989                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17989                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.991828                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.967808                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.903315                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              7413     41.21%     41.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              3310     18.40%     59.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              7266     40.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          17989                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                19749952                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 19562624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 19749952                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              19563712                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        516.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        511.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     516.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     511.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    38270244000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       62301.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        49664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     19700288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     19562624                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1297714.810551771661                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 514766339.999503493309                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 511169194.951182842255                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          776                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       307817                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       305683                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     20720750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   9137553000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 921971438750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26702.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29685.02                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3016103.08                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             220033380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             116942925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1101087960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           798231960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      3020955600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        9153199650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6987856800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         21398308275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         559.135421                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17847369750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1277900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  19145080250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             220904460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             117413505                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1102266060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           797344560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      3020955600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9150146160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6990428160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         21399458505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         559.165477                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17853701000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1277900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  19138749000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38270350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38270350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38270350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2170127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2170127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2170127                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2170127                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         307962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             307962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        307962                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            307962                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24611641000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24611641000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24611641000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24611641000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2478089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2478089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2478089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2478089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79917.785311                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79917.785311                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79917.785311                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79917.785311                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          307533                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                307533                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        307962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       307962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23995719000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23995719000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23995719000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23995719000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77917.791805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77917.791805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77917.791805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77917.791805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     307705                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14713000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14713000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53115.523466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53115.523466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14159000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14159000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51115.523466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51115.523466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2159266                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2159266                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       307685                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           307685                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24596928000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  24596928000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      2466951                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        2466951                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124723                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124723                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79941.914620                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79941.914620                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307685                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       307685                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23981560000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23981560000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124723                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124723                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77941.921121                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77941.921121                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38270350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.217351                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2476041                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                307705                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.046801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.217351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2786050                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2786050                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38270350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38270350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38270350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        307835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            308724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       307835                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           308724                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56600000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22762725000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  22819325000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56600000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22762725000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  22819325000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       307962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          308921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       307962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         308921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63667.041620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73944.564458                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73914.969358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63667.041620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73944.564458                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73914.969358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         307244                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               307244                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       308724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       308724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54822000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22147057000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22201879000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54822000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22147057000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22201879000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61667.041620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71944.570955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71914.975836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61667.041620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71944.570955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71914.975836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    308448                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       307835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           308724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56600000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22762725000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22819325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       307962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         308921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63667.041620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73944.564458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73914.969358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       308724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54822000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22147057000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22201879000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61667.041620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71944.570955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71914.975836                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       307533                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       307533                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       307533                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       307533                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38270350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.961199                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 615685                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               308448                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.275922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.683620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   509.001657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          433                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               925414                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              925414                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38270350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               308921                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              308920                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        307533                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       923456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  925374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     39391616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 39452992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1846586000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1539805000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38270350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38270350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38270350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  38270350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                51154365000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  73352                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34202448                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    89409                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    54.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              938067746                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000007                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4875599                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.051154                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 51154365000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            176551                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4875599                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     3306719                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         12884                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6174062                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         51154354                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   51154354                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               886024                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1018247                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       173809                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3131157                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3131157                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3132822                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1765                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4879284                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4879284                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11906968                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1396594                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11090                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3317808                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    3306718                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1561122     31.98%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     32.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     32.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     32.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     32.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     32.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     32.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     32.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     32.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     32.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     32.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     32.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     32.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.02%     32.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     32.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10720      0.22%     32.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  177980      3.65%     35.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     35.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3128738     64.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4882037                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   105                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          113                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            130                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       411984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        412760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       411984                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       412760                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46595000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25938281000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  25984876000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46595000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25938281000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  25984876000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       412001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       412890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       412001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       412890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60045.103093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62959.437745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62953.958717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60045.103093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62959.437745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62953.958717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       409850                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           409850                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       411984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       412760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       411984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       412760                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45043000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25114313000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25159356000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45043000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25114313000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25159356000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58045.103093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60959.437745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60953.958717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58045.103093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60959.437745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60953.958717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                410805                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       411984                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       412760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46595000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25938281000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25984876000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       412001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       412890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60045.103093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62959.437745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62953.958717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       411984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       412760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45043000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25114313000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25159356000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58045.103093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60959.437745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60953.958717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       411411                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       411411                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       411411                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       411411                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51154365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2037.948379                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             820717                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           410805                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.997826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.224007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     3.080943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2034.643429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          725                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1241                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1237154                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1237154                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51154365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6173103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6173103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6173103                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6173103                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     63016000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     63016000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     63016000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     63016000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6174062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6174062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6174062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6174062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65710.114703                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65710.114703                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65710.114703                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65710.114703                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61098000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61098000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61098000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61098000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63710.114703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63710.114703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63710.114703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63710.114703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6173103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6173103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     63016000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     63016000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6174062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6174062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65710.114703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65710.114703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61098000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61098000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63710.114703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63710.114703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51154365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.748006                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.235955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.748006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.963859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.963859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6175021                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6175021                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51154365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              412760                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             412760                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       409850                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1235370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1235370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1235370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     52647040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     52647040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                52647040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2462010000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2172465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51154365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           49664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        26366976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            26416640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        49664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          49664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     26230400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         26230400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              776                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           411984                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               412760                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        409850                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              409850                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             970865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          515439416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              516410281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        970865                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            970865                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       512769536                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             512769536                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       512769536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            970865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         515439416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1029179817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    409850.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       776.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    411984.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000342089750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         24119                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         24119                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1226826                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              386187                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       412760                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      409850                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     412760                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    409850                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              25862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              25815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              25819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              25802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              25936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              25797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              25778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              25794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              25797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              25796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             25710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             25751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             25732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             25750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             25857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             25764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              25602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              25618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              25644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              25610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              25663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              25617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              25618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              25600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              25600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              25650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             25537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             25600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             25600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             25602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             25665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             25600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4515881000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2063800000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              12255131000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10940.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29690.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    369600                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   370347                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 412760                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                409850                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   412760                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    9609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   14182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   24094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   24120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   24120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   24120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   24120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   24120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   24120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   24119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   24119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   24119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   24278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   24119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   24119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   24119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   24119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   24119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        82637                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     637.062430                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    422.301953                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    415.828143                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         10295     12.46%     12.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16938     20.50%     32.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2879      3.48%     36.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2394      2.90%     39.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3575      4.33%     43.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2307      2.79%     46.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2742      3.32%     49.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2999      3.63%     53.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        38508     46.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         82637                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24119                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.113106                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.985864                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      10.941210                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           24110     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             6      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          24119                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24119                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.991832                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.967814                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.903261                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              9938     41.20%     41.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              4440     18.41%     59.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              9741     40.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          24119                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                26416640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 26228864                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 26416640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              26230400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        516.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        512.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     516.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     512.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    51154297000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       62185.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        49664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     26366976                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     26228864                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 970865.340621469892                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 515439415.580664515495                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 512739509.130843460560                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          776                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       411984                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       409850                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     20720750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  12234410250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1233969398750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26702.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29696.32                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3010782.97                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             294432180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             156486825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1471960980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1069337880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4037570160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       12222093330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9350987040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         28602868395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         559.148147                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  23882878750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1707940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  25563546250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             295610280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             157120590                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1475145420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1069953840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4037570160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       12234552960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        9340494720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         28610447970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         559.296318                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  23854748000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1707940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  25591677000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51154365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51154365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51154365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2899290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2899290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2899290                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2899290                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         412129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             412129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        412129                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            412129                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32944244000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  32944244000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32944244000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  32944244000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3311419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3311419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3311419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3311419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79936.728549                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79936.728549                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79936.728549                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79936.728549                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          411700                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                411700                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        412129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       412129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32119988000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32119988000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32119988000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32119988000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124457                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124457                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124457                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124457                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77936.733401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77936.733401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77936.733401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77936.733401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     411872                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14713000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14713000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53115.523466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53115.523466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14159000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14159000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51115.523466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51115.523466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2888429                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2888429                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       411852                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           411852                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32929531000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  32929531000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      3300281                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        3300281                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124793                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124793                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79954.767732                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79954.767732                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       411852                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       411852                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32105829000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32105829000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124793                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124793                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77954.772588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77954.772588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51154365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.414473                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3309377                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                411872                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.034965                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.414473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3723547                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3723547                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51154365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51154365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51154365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        412002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            412891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       412002                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           412891                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56600000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30470326000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  30526926000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56600000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30470326000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  30526926000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       412129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          413088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       412129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         413088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63667.041620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73956.742928                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73934.588063                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63667.041620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73956.742928                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73934.588063                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         411411                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               411411                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       412891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       412891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54822000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29646324000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29701146000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54822000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29646324000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29701146000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61667.041620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71956.747783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71934.592907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61667.041620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71956.747783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71934.592907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    412615                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       412002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           412891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56600000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30470326000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30526926000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       412129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         413088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63667.041620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73956.742928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73934.588063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       412891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54822000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29646324000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29701146000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61667.041620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71956.747783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71934.592907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       411700                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       411700                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       411700                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       411700                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51154365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.222837                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 824019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               412615                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.206427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.259574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   509.756836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1237915                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1237915                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51154365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               413088                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              413087                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        411700                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1235957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1237875                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     52724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 52786368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2471588000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2060640000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51154365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51154365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51154365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  51154365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                64038470000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  83191                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34202724                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   101225                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    60.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1065479991                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6083930                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.064038                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 64038470000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            218218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6083930                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     4141676                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         16138                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7720605                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         64038459                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   64038459                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1094359                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1268247                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       215476                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3922821                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3922821                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3924485                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1765                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6089242                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6089242                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14871801                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1729928                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11090                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       4152765                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4141675                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1936123     31.78%     31.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     31.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     31.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     31.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     31.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     31.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     31.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     31.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     31.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     31.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     31.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     31.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     31.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.02%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10720      0.18%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  221273      3.63%     35.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     35.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3920402     64.35%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6091995                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   105                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          113                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            130                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       516150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        516926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       516150                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       516926                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46595000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32500150000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32546745000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46595000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32500150000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32546745000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       516167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       517056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       516167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       517056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60045.103093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62966.482612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62962.097089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60045.103093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62966.482612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62962.097089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       514016                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           514016                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       516926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       516926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45043000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31467850000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31512893000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45043000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31467850000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31512893000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999967                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999967                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58045.103093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60966.482612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60962.097089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58045.103093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60966.482612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60962.097089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                514971                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       516150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       516926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46595000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32500150000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32546745000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       516167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       517056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60045.103093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62966.482612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62962.097089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       516926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45043000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31467850000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31512893000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58045.103093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60966.482612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60962.097089                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       515577                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       515577                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       515577                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       515577                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64038470000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2039.970697                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1029049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           514971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998266                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.178938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.461078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2037.330681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          727                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1549652                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1549652                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64038470000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7719646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7719646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7719646                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7719646                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     63016000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     63016000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     63016000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     63016000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7720605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7720605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7720605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7720605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65710.114703                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65710.114703                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65710.114703                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65710.114703                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61098000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61098000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61098000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61098000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63710.114703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63710.114703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63710.114703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63710.114703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7719646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7719646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     63016000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     63016000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7720605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7720605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65710.114703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65710.114703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61098000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61098000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63710.114703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63710.114703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64038470000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.798706                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.235955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.798706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7721564                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7721564                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64038470000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              516926                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             516926                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       514016                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1547868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1547868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1547868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     65980288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     65980288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                65980288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3087006000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2720689500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64038470000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           49664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33033600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33083264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        49664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          49664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     32897024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         32897024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              776                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           516150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               516926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        514016                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              514016                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             775534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          515839932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              516615466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        775534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            775534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       513707214                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             513707214                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       513707214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            775534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         515839932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1030322679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    514016.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       776.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    516150.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000342089750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         30250                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         30250                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1537117                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              484347                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       516926                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      514016                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     516926                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    514016                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5659765000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2584630000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              15352127500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10948.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29698.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    462920                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   464487                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 516926                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                514016                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   516926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   12049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   17779                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   30218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   30251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   30251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   30251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   30251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   30251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   30250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   30250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   30250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   30250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   30450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   30250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   30250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   30250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   30250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   30250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       103511                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     637.405029                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    422.663700                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    415.776655                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         12872     12.44%     12.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        21207     20.49%     32.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3602      3.48%     36.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2992      2.89%     39.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4479      4.33%     43.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2890      2.79%     46.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3438      3.32%     49.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3757      3.63%     53.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        48274     46.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        103511                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        30250                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.088264                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.981900                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       9.778343                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           30241     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             6      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          30250                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        30250                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.991504                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.967481                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.903357                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             12472     41.23%     41.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              5563     18.39%     59.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             12215     40.38%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          30250                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33083264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 32895552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33083264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              32897024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        516.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        513.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     516.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     513.71                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    64038382000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       62116.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        49664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33033600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     32895552                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 775533.831460995250                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 515839931.840969979763                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 513684227.621303260326                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          776                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       516150                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       514016                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     20720750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  15331406750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1546004500750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26702.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29703.39                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3007697.23                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             368552520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             195890310                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1842962520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1340699580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      5054799360.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       15291242940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       11713936320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         35808083550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         559.165195                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  29918346000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2138240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  31981884000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             370523160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             196933935                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1847889120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1342343880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      5054799360.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15311964720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       11696486400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         35820940575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         559.365965                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  29871272750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2138240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  32028957250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64038470000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64038470000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64038470000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3628454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3628454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3628454                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3628454                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         516295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             516295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        516295                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            516295                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41276935000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41276935000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41276935000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41276935000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      4144749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          4144749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      4144749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4144749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79948.353170                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79948.353170                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79948.353170                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79948.353170                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          515866                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                515866                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        516295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       516295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40244347000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40244347000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40244347000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40244347000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77948.357044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77948.357044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77948.357044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77948.357044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     516038                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14713000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14713000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53115.523466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53115.523466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14159000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14159000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51115.523466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51115.523466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        3617593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            3617593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       516018                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           516018                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41262222000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  41262222000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4133611                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        4133611                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124835                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124835                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79962.757113                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79962.757113                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516018                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       516018                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40230188000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40230188000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124835                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124835                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77962.760989                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77962.760989                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64038470000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.532277                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 4142705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                516038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.027907                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.532277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               4661043                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              4661043                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64038470000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64038470000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64038470000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        516168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            517057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       516168                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           517057                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56600000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38178021000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  38234621000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56600000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38178021000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  38234621000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       516295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          517254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       516295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         517254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63667.041620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73964.331380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73946.626774                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63667.041620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73964.331380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73946.626774                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         515577                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               515577                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       517057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       517057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54822000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37145687000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37200509000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54822000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37145687000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37200509000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61667.041620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71964.335255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71946.630642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61667.041620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71964.335255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71946.630642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    516781                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       516168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           517057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56600000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38178021000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38234621000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       516295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         517254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63667.041620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73964.331380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73946.626774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       517057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54822000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37145687000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37200509000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61667.041620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71964.335255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71946.630642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       515866                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       515866                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       515866                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       515866                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64038470000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.379197                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1032351                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               516781                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.164895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.006157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.208145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1550413                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1550413                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64038470000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               517254                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              517253                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        515866                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1548455                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1550373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     66058240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 66119616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3096584000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2581470000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64038470000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64038470000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64038470000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  64038470000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                76922820000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  93865                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34202724                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   114082                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    63.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1203393014                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000012                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7292273                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.076923                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 76922820000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            259885                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000012                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7292273                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     4976644                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         19394                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9267168                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         76922809                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   76922809                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1302694                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1518249                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       257143                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4714494                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4714494                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4716158                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1765                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7299213                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7299213                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            17836670                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2063264                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11090                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       4987733                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4976643                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2311126     31.65%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.01%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10720      0.15%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  264568      3.62%     35.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     35.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            4712075     64.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7301966                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   105                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          113                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            130                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       620317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        621093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       620317                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       621093                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46595000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39062189000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  39108784000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46595000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39062189000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  39108784000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       620334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       621223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       620334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       621223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60045.103093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62971.334011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62967.677948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60045.103093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62971.334011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62967.677948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       618183                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           618183                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       621093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       621093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45043000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37821555000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37866598000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45043000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37821555000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37866598000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58045.103093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60971.334011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60967.677948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58045.103093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60971.334011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60967.677948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                619138                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       620317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       621093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46595000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39062189000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39108784000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       620334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       621223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60045.103093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62971.334011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62967.677948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       621093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45043000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37821555000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37866598000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58045.103093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60971.334011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60967.677948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       619744                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       619744                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       619744                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       619744                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76922820000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2041.315582                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1237383                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           619138                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998558                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.148967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.048855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2039.117761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          728                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1862153                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1862153                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76922820000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9266209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9266209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9266209                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9266209                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     63016000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     63016000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     63016000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     63016000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9267168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9267168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9267168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9267168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65710.114703                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65710.114703                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65710.114703                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65710.114703                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61098000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61098000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61098000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61098000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63710.114703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63710.114703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63710.114703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63710.114703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9266209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9266209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     63016000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     63016000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9267168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9267168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65710.114703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65710.114703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61098000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61098000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63710.114703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63710.114703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76922820000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.832422                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.235955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.832422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9268127                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9268127                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76922820000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              621093                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             621093                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       618183                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1860369                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1860369                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1860369                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     79313664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     79313664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                79313664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3712008000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3268919000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76922820000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           49664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        39700288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            39749952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        49664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          49664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     39563712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         39563712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              776                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           620317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               621093                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        618183                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              618183                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             645634                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          516105468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              516751102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        645634                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            645634                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       514329974                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             514329974                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       514329974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            645634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         516105468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1031081076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    618183.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       776.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    620317.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000342089750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         36380                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         36380                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1847414                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              582501                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       621093                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      618183                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     621093                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    618183                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              38918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              38871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              38875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              38858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              38992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              38809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              38706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              38722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              38725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              38724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             38759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             38807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             38788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             38806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             38913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             38820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              38658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              38674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              38700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              38666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              38719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              38599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              38546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              38528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              38528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              38595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             38593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             38656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             38656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             38658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             38721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             38656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    6803767250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3105465000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              18449261000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10954.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29704.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    556234                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   558612                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 621093                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                618183                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   621093                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   14491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   21384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   36341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   36381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   36381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   36381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   36381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   36381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   36381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   36381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   36381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   36381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   36621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   36381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   36381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   36380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   36380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   36380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       124399                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     637.552649                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    422.801438                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    415.764445                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         15463     12.43%     12.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        25478     20.48%     32.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4324      3.48%     36.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3590      2.89%     39.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5386      4.33%     43.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3473      2.79%     46.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4133      3.32%     49.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         4514      3.63%     53.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        58038     46.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        124399                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36380                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.072018                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.979497                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       8.924361                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           36371     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             6      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          36380                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36380                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.991561                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.967540                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.903314                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             14997     41.22%     41.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              6693     18.40%     59.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             14690     40.38%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          36380                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                39749952                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 39561792                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 39749952                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              39563712                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        516.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        514.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     516.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     514.33                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    76922714000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       62070.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        49664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     39700288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     39561792                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 645634.156418082421                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 516105467.792262434959                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 514305013.778746008873                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          776                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       620317                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       618183                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     20720750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  18428540250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1857999170250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26702.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29708.26                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3005581.15                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             443636760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             235798530                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2215841880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1613308860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      6072028560.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       18374326770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       14065245600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         43020186960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         559.264298                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  35922338000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2568540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  38431942000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             444579240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             236295675                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2218762140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1613449800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      6072028560.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       18381076710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       14059561440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         43025753565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         559.336665                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  35906922750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2568540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  38447357250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76922820000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76922820000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76922820000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          4357627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              4357627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4357627                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             4357627                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         620462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             620462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        620462                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            620462                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  49609813000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  49609813000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  49609813000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  49609813000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      4978089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          4978089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      4978089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4978089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79956.247119                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79956.247119                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79956.247119                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79956.247119                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          620033                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                620033                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        620462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       620462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48368891000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  48368891000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48368891000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  48368891000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77956.250342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77956.250342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77956.250342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77956.250342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     620205                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14713000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14713000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53115.523466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53115.523466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14159000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14159000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51115.523466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51115.523466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        4346766                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            4346766                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       620185                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           620185                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  49595100000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  49595100000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4966951                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        4966951                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124862                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124862                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79968.235285                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79968.235285                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620185                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       620185                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48354732000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  48354732000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124862                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124862                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77968.238509                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77968.238509                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76922820000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.610619                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 4976041                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                620205                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.023220                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.610619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               5598550                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              5598550                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76922820000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76922820000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76922820000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        620335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            621224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       620335                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           621224                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56600000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45885897000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  45942497000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56600000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45885897000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  45942497000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       620462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          621421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       620462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         621421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63667.041620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73969.543875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73954.800523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63667.041620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73969.543875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73954.800523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         619744                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               619744                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       621224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       621224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54822000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44645229000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  44700051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54822000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44645229000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  44700051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61667.041620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71969.547100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71954.803742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61667.041620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71969.547100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71954.803742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    620948                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       620335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           621224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56600000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45885897000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  45942497000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       620462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         621421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63667.041620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73969.543875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73954.800523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       621224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54822000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44645229000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44700051000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61667.041620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71969.547100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71954.803742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       620033                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       620033                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       620033                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       620033                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76922820000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.483180                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1240685                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               620948                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.137276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.837628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.508276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1862914                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1862914                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76922820000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               621421                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              621420                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        620033                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1860956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1862874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     79391616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 79452992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3721586000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3102305000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76922820000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76922820000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76922820000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  76922820000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                89806347000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 103394                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34202856                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   125558                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    67.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1326485871                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8500592                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.089806                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 89806347000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            301551                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8500592                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     5811593                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         22648                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    10813698                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         89806347                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   89806347                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1511024                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1768247                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       298809                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                5506150                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       5506150                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              5507814                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1765                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8509159                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8509159                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            20801472                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2396594                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11090                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       5822683                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    5811593                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2686122     31.56%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.01%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10720      0.13%     31.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  307862      3.62%     35.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.00%     35.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            5503731     64.66%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8511912                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   105                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          113                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            130                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       724484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        725260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       724484                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       725260                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46595000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45623518000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  45670113000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46595000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45623518000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  45670113000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       724501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       725390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       724501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       725390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60045.103093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62973.810326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62970.676723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60045.103093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62973.810326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62970.676723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       722350                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           722350                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       725260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       725260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45043000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44174550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  44219593000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45043000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44174550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  44219593000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999977                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999977                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58045.103093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60973.810326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60970.676723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58045.103093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60973.810326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60970.676723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                723305                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       724484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       725260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46595000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45623518000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  45670113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       724501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       725390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60045.103093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62973.810326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62970.676723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       725260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45043000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44174550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44219593000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.872891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58045.103093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60973.810326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60970.676723                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       723911                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       723911                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       723911                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       723911                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89806347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2042.274522                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1449301                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           725353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998063                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.127596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.754928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2040.391998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          730                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2174654                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2174654                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89806347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         10812739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total             10812739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10812739                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total            10812739                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     63016000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     63016000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     63016000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     63016000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     10813698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total         10813698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     10813698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total        10813698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65710.114703                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65710.114703                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65710.114703                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65710.114703                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61098000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61098000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61098000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61098000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63710.114703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63710.114703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63710.114703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63710.114703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10812739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            10812739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     63016000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     63016000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     10813698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10813698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65710.114703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65710.114703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61098000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61098000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63710.114703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63710.114703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89806347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.856463                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                10813698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   959                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs              11276.014599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.856463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses              10814657                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses             10814657                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89806347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              725260                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             725260                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       722350                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2172870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2172870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2172870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     92647040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     92647040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                92647040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          4337010000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3817150250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89806347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           49664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        46366976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            46416640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        49664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          49664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     46230400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         46230400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              776                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           724484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               725260                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        722350                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              722350                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             553012                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          516299544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              516852556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        553012                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            553012                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       514778761                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             514778761                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       514778761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            553012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         516299544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1031631317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    722350.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       776.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    724484.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000342089750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         42511                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         42512                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2157710                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              680657                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       725260                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      722350                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     725260                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    722350                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              45446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              45399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              45403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              45317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              45392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              45253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              45234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              45250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              45253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              45252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             45287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             45335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             45316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             45334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             45441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             45348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              45186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              45202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              45228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              45097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              45119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              45073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              45074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              45056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              45056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              45123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             45121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             45184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             45184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             45186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             45249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             45184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    7947057750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3626300000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              21545682750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10957.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29707.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    649556                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   652760                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 725260                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                722350                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   725260                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   16932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   24976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   42466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   42512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   42512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   42512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   42512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   42512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   42512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   42512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   42512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   42512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   42793                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   42512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   42512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   42512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   42512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   42512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       145264                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     637.764952                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    423.021470                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    415.738352                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         18034     12.41%     12.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        29755     20.48%     32.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5031      3.46%     36.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4186      2.88%     39.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6301      4.34%     43.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4057      2.79%     46.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4815      3.31%     49.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5275      3.63%     53.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        67810     46.68%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        145264                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        42512                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.060124                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.977451                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       8.262908                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           42503     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             6      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          42512                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        42511                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.991296                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.967267                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.903465                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             17536     41.25%     41.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              7809     18.37%     59.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             17166     40.38%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          42511                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                46416640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 46228608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 46416640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              46230400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        516.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        514.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     516.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     514.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    89806326000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       62037.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        49664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     46366976                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     46228608                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 553012.138440504670                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 516299543.950941503048                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 514758806.523997724056                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          776                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       724484                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       722350                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     20720750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  21524962000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2170036520250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26702.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29710.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3004134.45                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             518056980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             275353815                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2588721240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1885918140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      7088643120.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       21454422660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       16418755200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         50229871155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         559.313154                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  41932771000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2998580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  44874996000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             519142260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             275923065                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2589635160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1884576600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      7088643120.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       21450258240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       16422262080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         50230440525                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         559.319494                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  41941121750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2998580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  44866645250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89806347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89806347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89806347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          5086783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              5086783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5086783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             5086783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         724628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             724628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        724628                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            724628                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57941981000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  57941981000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57941981000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  57941981000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      5811411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          5811411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      5811411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5811411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79961.002059                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79961.002059                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79961.002059                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79961.002059                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          724200                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                724200                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        724628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       724628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56492725000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  56492725000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56492725000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  56492725000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77961.002059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77961.002059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77961.002059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77961.002059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     724372                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14713000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14713000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53115.523466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53115.523466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14159000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14159000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51115.523466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51115.523466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        5075922                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            5075922                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       724351                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           724351                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57927268000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  57927268000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      5800273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        5800273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124882                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124882                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79971.268073                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79971.268073                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724351                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       724351                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56478566000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  56478566000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124882                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124882                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77971.268073                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77971.268073                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89806347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.666479                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 5811411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                724628                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.019854                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.666479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               6536039                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              6536039                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89806347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89806347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89806347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        724501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            725390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       724501                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           725390                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56600000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53593063000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  53649663000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56600000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53593063000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  53649663000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       724628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          725587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       724628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         725587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63667.041620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73972.379610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73959.749928                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63667.041620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73972.379610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73959.749928                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         723911                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               723911                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       725390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       725390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54822000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52144061000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  52198883000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54822000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52144061000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  52198883000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61667.041620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71972.379610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71959.749928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61667.041620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71972.379610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71959.749928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    725115                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       724501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           725390                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56600000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53593063000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  53649663000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       724628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         725587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63667.041620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73972.379610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73959.749928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       725390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54822000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52144061000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  52198883000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61667.041620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71972.379610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71959.749928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       724200                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       724200                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       724200                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       724200                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89806347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.557322                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1449787                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               725627                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.117582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.717463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.722277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2175414                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2175414                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89806347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               725587                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              725587                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        724200                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2173456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2175374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     92724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 92786368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           4346587000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3623140000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89806347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89806347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89806347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  89806347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
