
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18578625000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  36599                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34223704                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    65972                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    27.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              679957728                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1802575                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018579                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18578625000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            200578                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1802575                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      200140                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            15                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      248991                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         98855                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1250622                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            45                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18578614                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18578614                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1002472                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              798666                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       199906                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    550                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           550                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  798                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 306                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         494                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1851490                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1851490                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3404563                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1402133                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      200137                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        449126                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     248989                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   191      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1402328     75.72%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       28      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        35      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      10      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                       84      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       68      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     130      0.01%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   200089     10.80%     86.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  248805     13.43%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  48      0.00%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                184      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1852000                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    58                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              51                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           41                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             51                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       197893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        198308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       197893                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       198308                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24579000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12276374000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  12300953000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24579000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12276374000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  12300953000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       197903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       198359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       197903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       198359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59226.506024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62035.413077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62029.534865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59226.506024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62035.413077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62029.534865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       195650                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           195650                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       197893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       198308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       197893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       198308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23749000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11880588000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11904337000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23749000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11880588000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11904337000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57226.506024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60035.413077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60029.534865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57226.506024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60035.413077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60029.534865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                195679                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             51                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       197893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       198308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24579000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12276374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12300953000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       197903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       198359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59226.506024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62035.413077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62029.534865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       197893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       198308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23749000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11880588000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11904337000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57226.506024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60035.413077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60029.534865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       197692                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       197692                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       197692                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       197692                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18578625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2608.530598                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             391332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           195679                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   389.347350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2219.183248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.011882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.067724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.079606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2629                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          963                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          980                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          581                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.080231                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           594359                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          594359                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18578625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1250162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1250162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1250162                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1250162                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32491000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     32491000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32491000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     32491000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1250622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1250622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1250622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1250622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70632.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70632.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70632.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70632.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31571000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31571000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31571000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31571000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68632.608696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68632.608696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68632.608696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68632.608696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        243                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1250162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1250162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32491000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32491000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1250622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1250622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70632.608696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70632.608696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31571000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31571000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68632.608696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68632.608696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18578625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.642663                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                    6638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 27.316872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.642663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1251082                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1251082                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18578625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              198308                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             198308                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       195650                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       592266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       592266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 592266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     25213312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     25213312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                25213312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1176558000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1048443500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18578625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           26560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        12665152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            12691712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        26560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          26560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     12521600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         12521600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              415                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           197893                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               198308                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        195650                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              195650                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1429600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          681705562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              683135162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1429600                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1429600                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       673978833                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             673978833                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       673978833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1429600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         681705562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1357113995                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    195650.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       415.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    197893.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000016657750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         12227                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         12227                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               584458                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              183759                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       198308                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      195650                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     198308                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    195650                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              12440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              12371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              12412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              12426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              12425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              12406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              12375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              12361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              12371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              12394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             12380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             12386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             12388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             12415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             12359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             12399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              12226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              12224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              12224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              12227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              12225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              12226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              12228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              12232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              12232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              12232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             12232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             12224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             12224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             12224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             12224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             12228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.62                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1981610500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   991540000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               5699885500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9992.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28742.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    171520                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   170936                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 198308                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                195650                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   198308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   12228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   12227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   12227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   12227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   12227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   12227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   12227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   12227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   12227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   12227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   12227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   12227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   12227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   12227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   12227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   12227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        51480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     489.723077                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    474.672534                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     82.277916                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           670      1.30%      1.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1355      2.63%      3.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1201      2.33%      6.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1218      2.37%      8.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        47022     91.34%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            3      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            4      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         51480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12227                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.218778                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.006708                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      24.191558                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          12226     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          12227                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12227                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             12227    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          12227                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                12691712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 12520448                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 12691712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              12521600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        683.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        673.92                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     683.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     673.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18578581000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       47158.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        26560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     12665152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     12520448                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1429599.876201817766                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 681705562.171581506729                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 673916826.460515737534                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          415                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       197893                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       195650                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     10746000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   5689139500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 457830311250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25893.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28748.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2340047.59                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             183583680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              97561860                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            707516880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           510620400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1466531040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7637514930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         702600480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11305929270                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         608.544996                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1763609500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    620360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  16194655500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             184012080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              97804740                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            708402240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           510578640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1466531040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7643086110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         697908960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11308323810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         608.673882                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1751304500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    620360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16206960500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18578625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18578625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18578625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           201769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               201769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          201771                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              201771                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         197935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             197935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        197935                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            197935                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15641212000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15641212000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15641212000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15641212000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       399704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           399704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       399706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          399706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.495204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.495201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79021.961755                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79021.961755                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79021.961755                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79021.961755                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          197755                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                197755                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       197935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        197935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       197935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       197935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15245344000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15245344000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15245344000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15245344000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77021.971859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77021.971859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77021.971859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77021.971859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     197793                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          200020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              200020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       200138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          200138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62491.525424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.525424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7138000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7138000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60491.525424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.525424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           1749                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               1749                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       197817                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           197817                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15633838000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15633838000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       199566                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         199566                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991236                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.991236                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79031.822341                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79031.822341                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       197817                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       197817                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15238206000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15238206000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991236                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991236                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77031.832451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77031.832451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18578625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               140.807614                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  199123                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                197793                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.006724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   140.807614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.550030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.550030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.550781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                597640                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               597640                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18578625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18578625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18578625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst               4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  35                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 35                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        197904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            198360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       197904                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           198360                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29677000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14453327000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  14483004000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29677000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14453327000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  14483004000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       197935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          198395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       197935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         198395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65081.140351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73032.010470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73013.732607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65081.140351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73032.010470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73013.732607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         197692                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               197692                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       197904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       198360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       197904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       198360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28765000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14057521000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14086286000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28765000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14057521000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14086286000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63081.140351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71032.020576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71013.742690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63081.140351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71032.020576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71013.742690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    198029                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 35                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       197904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           198360                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29677000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14453327000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14483004000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       197935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         198395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65081.140351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73032.010470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73013.732607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       197904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       198360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28765000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14057521000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14086286000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63081.140351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71032.020576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71013.742690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       197755                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       197755                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       197755                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       197755                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18578625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              393.344434                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 395699                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               198029                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998187                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    27.962203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.572980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   111.809251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.054614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.495260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.218377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.768251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               594573                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              594573                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18578625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               198395                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              198394                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        197755                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       593624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  594544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     25324096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        29440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 25353536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             2300000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1187170000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           989670000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18578625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18578625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18578625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18578625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                37188515000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  43990                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34227244                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    79239                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    45.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              817960842                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3602613                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.037189                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 37188515000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            400577                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3602613                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      400136                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            20                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      498965                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        198826                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2500646                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            45                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         37188504                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   37188504                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2002505                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1598608                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       399894                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    550                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           550                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  798                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 306                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         502                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3701504                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3701504                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6804653                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2802174                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      400133                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        899096                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     498963                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   191      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2802381     75.70%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       28      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        35      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      10      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                       84      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       68      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     130      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   400085     10.81%     86.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  498779     13.47%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  48      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                184      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3702023                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    59                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              51                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           41                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             51                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       397833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        398248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       397833                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       398248                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24579000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24587146000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  24611725000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24579000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24587146000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  24611725000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       397843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       398299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       397843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       398299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59226.506024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61802.681024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61799.996485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59226.506024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61802.681024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61799.996485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       395590                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           395590                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       397833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       398248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       397833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       398248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23749000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23791480000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23815229000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23749000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23791480000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23815229000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57226.506024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59802.681024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59799.996485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57226.506024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59802.681024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59799.996485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                395619                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             51                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       397833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       398248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24579000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24587146000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24611725000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       397843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       398299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59226.506024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61802.681024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61799.996485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       397833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       398248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23749000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23791480000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23815229000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57226.506024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59802.681024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59799.996485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       397632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       397632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       397632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       397632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37188515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2618.773903                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             791212                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           395619                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   389.673949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2229.099954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.011892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.068027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.079919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2629                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          970                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          972                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          581                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.080231                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1194179                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1194179                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37188515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2500186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2500186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2500186                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2500186                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32491000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     32491000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32491000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     32491000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2500646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2500646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2500646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2500646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70632.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70632.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70632.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70632.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31571000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31571000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31571000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31571000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68632.608696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68632.608696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68632.608696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68632.608696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        243                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2500186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2500186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32491000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32491000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2500646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2500646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70632.608696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70632.608696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31571000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31571000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68632.608696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68632.608696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37188515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.821482                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                    6638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 27.316872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.821482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2501106                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2501106                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37188515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              398248                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             398248                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       395590                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1192086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1192086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1192086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     50805632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     50805632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                50805632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2376198000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2106271500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37188515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           26560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        25461312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            25487872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        26560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          26560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     25317760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         25317760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              415                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           397833                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               398248                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        395590                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              395590                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             714199                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          684655249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              685369448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        714199                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            714199                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       680795133                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             680795133                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       680795133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            714199                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         684655249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1366164581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    395590.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       415.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    397833.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000016657750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         24722                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         24722                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1176338                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              371470                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       398248                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      395590                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     398248                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    395590                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              24936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              24867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              24908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              24922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              24921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              24902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              24871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              24857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              24867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              24890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             24876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             24882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             24884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             24914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             24855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             24896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              24722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              24720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              24720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              24723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              24721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              24722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              24724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              24728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              24728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              24725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             24720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             24720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             24720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             24720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             24720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             24725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.74                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3887359500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1991240000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              11354509500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9761.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28511.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    344339                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   344155                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 87.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 398248                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                395590                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   398248                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   24723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   24723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   24725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   24723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   24723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   24723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   24723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   24723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   24723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   24723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   24723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   24723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   24723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   24723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   24723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   24722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       105310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     482.411471                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    464.596268                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     91.629075                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1551      1.47%      1.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4134      3.93%      5.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3927      3.73%      9.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2522      2.39%     11.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        93162     88.46%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        105310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24722                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.108446                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.003548                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      17.013053                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          24721    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          24722                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24722                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000222                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.026983                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             24720     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          24722                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                25487872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 25315712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 25487872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              25317760                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        685.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        680.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     685.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     680.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    37188471000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46846.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        26560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     25461312                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     25315712                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 714198.993963593384                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 684655249.073537945747                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 680740061.817472457886                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          415                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       397833                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       395590                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     10746000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  11343763500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 920699564000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25893.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28513.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2327408.59                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             375749640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             199708080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1421316960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1032401160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2935520640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       15407536050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1305622560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         22677855090                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         609.808031                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3267714500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1241760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  32679040500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             376178040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             199943370                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1422173760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1032411600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2935520640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15425318340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1290648000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         22682193750                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         609.924697                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3228611000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1241760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  32718144000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37188515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37188515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37188515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           401812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               401812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          401816                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              401816                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         397875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             397875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        397875                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            397875                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31350964000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31350964000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31350964000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31350964000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       799687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           799687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       799691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          799691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.497538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.497536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78796.013823                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78796.013823                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78796.013823                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78796.013823                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          397695                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                397695                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       397875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        397875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       397875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       397875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30555216000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30555216000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30555216000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30555216000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76796.018850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76796.018850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76796.018850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76796.018850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     397733                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          400013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              400013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7457000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7457000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       400132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          400132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62663.865546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62663.865546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7219000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7219000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60663.865546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60663.865546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           1799                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               1799                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       397756                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           397756                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31343507000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  31343507000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       399555                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         399555                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995497                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.995497                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78800.840214                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78800.840214                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       397756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       397756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30547997000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30547997000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995497                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995497                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76800.845242                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76800.845242                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            4                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             4                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37188515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               140.903888                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  399074                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                397733                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.003372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   140.903888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.550406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.550406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.550781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1197565                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1197565                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37188515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37188515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37188515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst               4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  35                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 35                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        397844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            398300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       397844                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           398300                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29677000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28963439000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  28993116000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29677000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28963439000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  28993116000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       397875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          398335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       397875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         398335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65081.140351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72800.994862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72792.156666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65081.140351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72800.994862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72792.156666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         397632                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               397632                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       397844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       398300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       397844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       398300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28765000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28167753000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28196518000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28765000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28167753000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28196518000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63081.140351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70800.999889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70792.161687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63081.140351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70800.999889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70792.161687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    397971                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 35                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       397844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           398300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29677000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28963439000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28993116000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       397875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         398335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65081.140351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72800.994862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72792.156666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       397844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       398300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28765000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28167753000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28196518000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63081.140351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70800.999889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70792.161687                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       397695                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       397695                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       397695                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       397695                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37188515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              393.672492                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 795579                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               397971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    27.981194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.786669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   111.904629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.054651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.495677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.218564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.768892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1194395                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1194395                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37188515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               398335                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              398334                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        397695                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1193444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1194364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     50916416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        29440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 50945856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             2300000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2386810000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1989370000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37188515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37188515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37188515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  37188515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                49894515000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  46512                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34236064                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    82087                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    64.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              773547037                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000092                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5294710                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.049895                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 49894515000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            574878                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000092                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5294710                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      580877                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      688213                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260134                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3786993                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         49894504                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   49894504                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2910806                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2387075                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       563043                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1167                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5422941                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5422941                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10110416                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4174175                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      580860                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1269051                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     688191                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  1425      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4140877     76.33%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    13040      0.24%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   580802     10.71%     87.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  687961     12.68%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5424775                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    65                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          242                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          100                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            342                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       521036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        521856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          820                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       521036                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       521856                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48808000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32146129000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32194937000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48808000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32146129000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32194937000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       521136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       522198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       521136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       522198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.772128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.772128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59521.951220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61696.560314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61693.143319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59521.951220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61696.560314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61693.143319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       518225                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           518225                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       521856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       521856                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47168000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31104057000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31151225000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47168000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31104057000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31151225000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.772128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.772128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57521.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59696.560314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59693.143319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57521.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59696.560314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59693.143319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                518262                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       521036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       521856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48808000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32146129000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32194937000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       521136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       522198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.772128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59521.951220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61696.560314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61693.143319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       521856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47168000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31104057000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31151225000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.772128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57521.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59696.560314                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59693.143319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       520534                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       520534                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       520534                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       520534                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49894515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2644.952187                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1036490                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           518262                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.103709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   399.642155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2245.206323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.012196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.068518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.080718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3598                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2968                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          581                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.109802                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1564592                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1564592                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49894515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3785922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3785922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3785922                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3785922                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1071                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1071                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67500000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     67500000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67500000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     67500000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3786993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3786993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3786993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3786993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63025.210084                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63025.210084                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63025.210084                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63025.210084                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65360000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65360000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61027.077498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61027.077498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61027.077498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61027.077498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        816                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3785922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3785922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67500000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67500000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3786993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3786993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63025.210084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63025.210084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65360000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65360000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61027.077498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61027.077498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49894515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               217.782747                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3276575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   816                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               4015.410539                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   217.782747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.850714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.850714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3788063                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3788063                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49894515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              521856                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             521856                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       518225                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1561937                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1561937                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1561937                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66565184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66565184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66565184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3112981000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2760536250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49894515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           52480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33346304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33398784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        52480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          52480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33166400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33166400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              820                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           521036                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               521856                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        518225                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              518225                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1051819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          668336069                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              669387888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1051819                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1051819                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       664730382                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             664730382                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       664730382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1051819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         668336069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1334118269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    518225.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       820.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    521036.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000262830500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32387                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32387                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1541687                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              486597                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       521856                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      518225                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     521856                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    518225                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5037632750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2609280000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14822432750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9653.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28403.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    450981                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   449988                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 521856                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                518225                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   521856                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       139087                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     478.575165                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    458.833681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     96.975663                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2335      1.68%      1.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6295      4.53%      6.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6068      4.36%     10.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3345      2.40%     12.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       120993     86.99%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            9      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           27      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        139087                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32387                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.109087                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.007870                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      15.069173                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          32383     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32387                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32387                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000247                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000228                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.026062                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32384     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32387                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33398784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33164800                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33398784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33166400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        669.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        664.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     669.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     664.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    49876872000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       47954.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        52480                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33346304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33164800                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1051819.022591962246                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 668336068.603933691978                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 664698314.033115625381                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          820                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       521036                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       518225                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     21486500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14800946250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1206450652500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26203.05                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28406.76                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2328044.10                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             496272840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             263775270                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1863697080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1352496780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      3938613120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       20371235130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2004777600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         30290867820                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         607.098151                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5044360500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1666045000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  43184109500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             496808340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             264059895                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1862354760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1352507220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      3938613120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20276328420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2084699040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         30275370795                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         606.787556                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5252205500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1666045000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  42976264500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49894515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49894515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49894515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           617017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               617017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          617025                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              617025                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         521804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             521804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        522000                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            522000                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41003799000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41003799000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41018656000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41018656000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1138821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1138821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1139025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1139025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.458197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.458287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78580.844532                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78580.844532                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78579.800766                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78579.800766                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          521085                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                521085                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        521804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       522000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39960191000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39960191000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39974656000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39974656000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76580.844532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76580.844532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76579.800766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76579.800766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     521744                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          579651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              579651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          1019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              1019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     31610000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31610000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       580670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          580670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.001755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31020.608440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31020.608440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     29572000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29572000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29020.608440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29020.608440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          37366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              37366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       520785                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           520785                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40972189000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  40972189000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       558151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         558151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.933054                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.933054                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78673.903818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78673.903818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       520785                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       520785                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39930619000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39930619000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.933054                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.933054                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76673.903818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76673.903818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14857000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14857000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75801.020408                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75801.020408                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14465000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14465000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73801.020408                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73801.020408                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49894515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               143.935136                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1083492                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                521744                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.076674                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   143.935136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.562247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.562247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1661025                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1661025                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49894515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49894515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49894515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst               8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst              8                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            864                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                872                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        521136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            522199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1063                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       521136                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           522199                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60974000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37878825000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  37939799000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60974000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37878825000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  37939799000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       522000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          523071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       522000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         523071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.998333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.998333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57360.301035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72685.105232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72653.909716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57360.301035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72685.105232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72653.909716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         520534                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               520534                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       522199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       522199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58850000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36836553000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36895403000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58850000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36836553000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36895403000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55362.182502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70685.105232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70653.913546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55362.182502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70685.105232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70653.913546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    521999                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst              8                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       521136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           522199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60974000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37878825000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  37939799000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       522000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         523071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.998333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57360.301035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72685.105232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72653.909716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       522199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58850000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36836553000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36895403000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55362.182502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70685.105232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70653.913546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       521085                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       521085                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       521085                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       521085                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49894515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              396.482370                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1042402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               521999                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996943                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    28.337628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.762509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   115.382233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.055347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.493677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.225356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.774380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          499                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.974609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1566654                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1566654                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49894515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               523071                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              523070                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        521085                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1565085                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         2141                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1567226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     66757440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        68480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 66825920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             5350000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3128496000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2610000000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49894515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49894515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49894515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  49894515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                53104809000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  60336                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34236196                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   102719                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    66.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              800956061                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000342                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6810428                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.053105                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 53104809000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            711941                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000342                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6810428                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      727833                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            38                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      762659                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260144                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5132009                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         53104798                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   53104798                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3674987                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3200699                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       672826                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3653                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6935957                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6935957                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13208272                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5510650                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      727709                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1490252                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     762543                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  4121      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5399877     77.80%     77.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    45864      0.66%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   727651     10.48%     89.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  762313     10.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6940496                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    65                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            1395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          721                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          674                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           1395                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       521567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        522414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          847                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       521567                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       522414                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50386000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32179030000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32229416000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50386000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32179030000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32229416000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       522241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       523809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       522241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       523809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.540179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.540179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59487.603306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61696.828979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61693.247118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59487.603306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61696.828979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61693.247118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       518256                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           518256                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       522414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          847                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       522414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48692000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31135896000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31184588000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48692000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31135896000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31184588000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.540179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.540179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57487.603306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59696.828979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59693.247118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57487.603306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59696.828979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59693.247118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                518422                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           1395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       521567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       522414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50386000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32179030000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32229416000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       522241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       523809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.540179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.997337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59487.603306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61696.828979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61693.247118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       522414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48692000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31135896000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31184588000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.540179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57487.603306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59696.828979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59693.247118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       521126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       521126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       521126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       521126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53104809000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2715.713738                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1036677                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           518422                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999678                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.309131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   424.474456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2290.930150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.012954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.069914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.082877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3999                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3358                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          581                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.122040                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1567356                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1567356                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53104809000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5130428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5130428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5130428                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5130428                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1581                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1581                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     78724000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78724000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     78724000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78724000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5132009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5132009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5132009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5132009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49793.801392                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49793.801392                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49793.801392                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49793.801392                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75562000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75562000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75562000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75562000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47793.801392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47793.801392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47793.801392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47793.801392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1326                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5130428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5130428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     78724000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78724000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5132009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5132009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49793.801392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49793.801392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75562000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75562000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47793.801392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47793.801392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53104809000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               220.008156                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3577893                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1326                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               2698.260181                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   220.008156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.859407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.859407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5133590                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5133590                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53104809000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              522414                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             522414                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       518256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1563084                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1563084                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1563084                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66602880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66602880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66602880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3113694000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2763517750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53104809000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           54208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33380288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33434496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        54208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          54208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33168384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33168384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              847                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           521567                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               522414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        518256                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              518256                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1020774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          628573732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              629594506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1020774                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1020774                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       624583435                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             624583435                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       624583435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1020774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         628573732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1254177941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    518256.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       847.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    521567.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005456032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32389                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32389                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1543659                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              486629                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       522414                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      518256                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     522414                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    518256                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5043043750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2612070000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14838306250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9653.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28403.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    451329                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   450012                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 522414                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                518256                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   522414                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       139307                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     478.091352                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    457.701459                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     98.241582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2510      1.80%      1.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6305      4.53%      6.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6077      4.36%     10.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3347      2.40%     13.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       120996     86.86%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           12      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           11      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           43      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        139307                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32389                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.126123                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.010714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      15.232691                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          32383     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32389                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32389                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000309                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000286                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.028331                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32385     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32389                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33434496                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33166976                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33434496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33168384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        629.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        624.56                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     629.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     624.58                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          9.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    53097108000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       51022.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        54208                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33380288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33166976                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1020773.843664516229                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 628573732.371394038200                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 624556921.012558341026                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          847                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       521567                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       518256                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     22164500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14816141750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1272528657500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26168.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28406.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2455405.55                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             497536620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             264446985                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1864946580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1352642940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4191844800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       20740621350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2926460640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         31838499915                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         599.540805                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7436466000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1773200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  43895143000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             497115360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             264223080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1865089380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1352538540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4191844800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20346284520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3258533760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         31775629440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         598.356910                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8303233250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1773200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  43028375750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53104809000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53104809000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53104809000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           836118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               836118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          836126                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              836126                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         524102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             524102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        524298                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            524298                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41074539000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41074539000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41089396000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41089396000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1360220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1360220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1360424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1360424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.385307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.385393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78371.269333                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78371.269333                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78370.308489                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78370.308489                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          522434                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                522434                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       524102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        524102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       524298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       524298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40026337000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40026337000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40040802000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40040802000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76371.273149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76371.273149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76370.312303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76370.312303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     524041                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          724888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              724888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2738                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2738                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     67183000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67183000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       727626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          727626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24537.253470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24537.253470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     61709000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61709000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22537.983930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22537.983930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         111230                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             111230                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       521364                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           521364                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41007356000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  41007356000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       632594                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         632594                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.824168                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.824168                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78653.984548                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78653.984548                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521364                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       521364                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39964628000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39964628000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.824168                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.824168                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76653.984548                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76653.984548                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14857000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14857000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75801.020408                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75801.020408                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14465000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14465000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73801.020408                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73801.020408                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53104809000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               150.709686                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1321689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                524041                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.522110                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.709686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.588710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.588710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1884721                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1884721                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53104809000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53104809000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53104809000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                2069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2056                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               2069                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        522242                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            523810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       522242                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           523810                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69076000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37925029000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  37994105000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69076000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37925029000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  37994105000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       524298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          525879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       524298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         525879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.996066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.996066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44053.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72619.645682                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72534.134514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44053.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72619.645682                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72534.134514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         521126                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               521126                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       523810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522242                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       523810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65940000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36880547000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36946487000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65940000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36880547000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36946487000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42053.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70619.649511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70534.138333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42053.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70619.649511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70534.138333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    524056                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               2069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       522242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           523810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69076000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37925029000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  37994105000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       524298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         525879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.996066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44053.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72619.645682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72534.134514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       523810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65940000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36880547000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36946487000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42053.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70619.649511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70534.138333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       522434                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       522434                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       522434                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       522434                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53104809000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              402.987554                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1046659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               524056                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997227                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    32.432756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   244.116049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   126.438749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.063345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.476789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.246951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.787085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          386                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1572881                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1572881                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53104809000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               525879                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              525878                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        522434                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1571029                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1574191                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     66990784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       101184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67091968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             7905000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3138049000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2621485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53104809000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53104809000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53104809000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  53104809000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                56299971000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  73519                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34236196                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   122198                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    68.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              827257965                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5003415                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8316322                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.056300                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 56299971000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            847044                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5003415                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8316322                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      879445                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            38                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      829748                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260150                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6479876                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         56299960                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   56299960                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4421914                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3999076                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       777621                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        4942                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8439450                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8439450                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            16301574                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6849396                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      879277                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1708853                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     829576                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  6514      0.08%      0.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6649440     78.73%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    81203      0.96%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   879219     10.41%     90.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  829346      9.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8446392                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    65                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         1053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1053                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1617                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2670                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       521864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        522712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          848                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       521864                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       522712                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50452000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32198612000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32249064000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50452000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32198612000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32249064000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       523481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       525382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       523481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       525382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.446081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.994918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.446081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.994918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59495.283019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61699.239649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61695.664152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59495.283019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61699.239649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61695.664152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       518411                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           518411                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       522712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       522712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48756000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31154884000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31203640000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48756000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31154884000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31203640000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.446081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.446081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57495.283019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59699.239649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59695.664152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57495.283019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59699.239649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59695.664152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                518641                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       521864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       522712                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50452000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32198612000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32249064000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       523481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       525382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.446081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.994918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59495.283019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61699.239649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61695.664152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       522712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48756000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31154884000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31203640000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.446081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57495.283019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59699.239649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59695.664152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       522021                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       522021                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       522021                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       522021                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56299971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2792.352744                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1037131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           518641                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999709                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.843346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   447.062362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2343.447036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.013643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.071516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.085216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          581                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.125732                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1570164                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1570164                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56299971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6477962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6477962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6477962                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6477962                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1914                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1914                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     85117000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85117000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     85117000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85117000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6479876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6479876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6479876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6479876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44470.741902                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44470.741902                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44470.741902                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44470.741902                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     81289000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81289000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     81289000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81289000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42470.741902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42470.741902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42470.741902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42470.741902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1659                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6477962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6477962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     85117000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85117000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6479876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6479876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44470.741902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44470.741902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     81289000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81289000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42470.741902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42470.741902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56299971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.994029                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3874698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               2335.562387                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.994029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.867164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.867164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6481790                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6481790                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56299971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              522712                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             522712                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       518411                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1563835                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1563835                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1563835                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66631872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66631872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66631872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3114767000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2765124500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56299971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           54272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33399296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33453568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        54272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          54272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33178304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33178304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           521864                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               522712                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        518411                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              518411                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             963979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          593238245                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              594202224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        963979                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            963979                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       589312986                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             589312986                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       589312986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            963979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         593238245                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1183515210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    518411.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       848.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    521863.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005456032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32398                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32398                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1545222                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              486772                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       522712                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      518411                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     522712                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    518411                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5047182250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2613555000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14848013500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9655.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28405.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    451453                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   450144                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 522712                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                518411                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   522711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       139500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     477.635900                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    456.663118                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     99.324579                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2671      1.91%      1.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6311      4.52%      6.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6083      4.36%     10.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3350      2.40%     13.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       121000     86.74%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           14      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           11      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           52      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        139500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32398                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.132971                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.013231                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      15.251914                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          32391     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32398                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32398                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000556                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000520                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.035134                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32389     99.97%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 5      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32398                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33453504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33176704                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33453568                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33178304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        594.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        589.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     594.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     589.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          9.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    56257641000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       54035.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        54272                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33399232                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33176704                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 963979.182156239520                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 593237108.416983008385                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 589284566.416561722755                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          848                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       521864                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       518411                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     22197000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14825816500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1350254692250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26175.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28409.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2604602.70                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             498507660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             264963105                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1866331740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1353050100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4443847200.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       21020338590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3917851200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         33364889595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         592.627119                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10010745750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1879800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  44409425250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             497522340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             264439395                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1865824800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1352924820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4443847200.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20481687450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4371452160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         33277698165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         591.078425                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11195204000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1879800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  43224967000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56299971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56299971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56299971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1052388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1052388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1052396                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1052396                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         526531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             526531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        526727                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            526727                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41134955000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41134955000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41149812000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41149812000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1578919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1578919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1579123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1579123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.333476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.333557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78124.469404                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78124.469404                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78123.604828                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78123.604828                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          523714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                523714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        526531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       526727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40081895000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40081895000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40096360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40096360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76124.473203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76124.473203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76123.608625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76123.608625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     526470                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          874638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              874638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    101558000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101558000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       879238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          879238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22077.826087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22077.826087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92358000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92358000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20077.826087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20077.826087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         177750                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             177750                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       521931                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           521931                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41033397000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  41033397000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       699681                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         699681                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.745956                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.745956                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78618.432322                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78618.432322                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       521931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39989537000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39989537000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.745956                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.745956                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76618.436153                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76618.436153                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14857000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14857000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75801.020408                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75801.020408                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14465000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14465000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73801.020408                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73801.020408                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56299971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               156.685170                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1471839                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                526470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.795675                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   156.685170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.612051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.612051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2105849                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2105849                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56299971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56299971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56299971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                3258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3245                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               3258                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        523482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            525383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           525383                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     73469000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37960137000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  38033606000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     73469000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37960137000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  38033606000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       526727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          528641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       526727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         528641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.993837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.993837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38647.553919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72514.693915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72392.152011                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38647.553919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72514.693915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72392.152011                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         522021                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               522021                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       525383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       525383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69667000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36913175000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36982842000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69667000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36913175000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36982842000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36647.553919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70514.697736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70392.155818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36647.553919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70514.697736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70392.155818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    526333                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               3258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           525383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     73469000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37960137000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38033606000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       526727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         528641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.993837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38647.553919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72514.693915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72392.152011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       525383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69667000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36913175000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36982842000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36647.553919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70514.697736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70392.155818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56299971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              409.174279                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1050325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               526333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.995552                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    36.686273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   232.471447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   140.016559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.071653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.454046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.273470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.799169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          479                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1579200                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1579200                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56299971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               528641                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              528640                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        523714                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1577167                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1580995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     67228160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       122496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67350656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             9570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3147211000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2633630000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56299971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56299971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56299971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  56299971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                59568955000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  85900                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34236328                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   140765                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    69.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              852818344                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000084                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9832334                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.059569                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 59568955000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            979654                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000084                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9832334                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1045297                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            40                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      899721                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260160                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7825351                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         59568954                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   59568954                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5173224                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4802026                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       881052                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        6097                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9949854                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9949854                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19435390                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8196647                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1045076                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1944537                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     899461                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 12060      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7890008     79.20%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   115420      1.16%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1045018     10.49%     90.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  899231      9.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9962407                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    65                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         1726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            4631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1726                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2905                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           4631                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       522579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        523428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       522579                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       523428                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50518000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32242917000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32293435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50518000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32242917000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32293435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       528059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       528059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.329709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.991230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.329709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.991230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59502.944641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61699.603314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61696.040334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59502.944641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61699.603314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61696.040334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       518724                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           518724                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       523428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       523428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48820000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31197759000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31246579000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48820000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31197759000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31246579000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.329709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.329709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57502.944641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59699.603314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59696.040334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57502.944641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59699.603314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59696.040334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                519331                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           4631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       522579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       523428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50518000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32242917000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32293435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       528059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.329709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.991230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59502.944641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61699.603314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61696.040334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       523428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48820000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31197759000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31246579000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.329709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57502.944641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59699.603314                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59696.040334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       523102                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       523102                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       523102                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       523102                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59568955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2871.187752                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1038694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           519331                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.000062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     6.882842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   467.743811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2396.561099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.014274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.073137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.087622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          972                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.135162                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1574921                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1574921                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59568955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7822736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7822736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7822736                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7822736                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           2615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               2615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          2615                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              2615                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98410000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98410000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98410000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98410000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7825351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7825351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7825351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7825351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37632.887189                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37632.887189                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37632.887189                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37632.887189                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          2615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93180000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     93180000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93180000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     93180000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35632.887189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35632.887189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35632.887189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35632.887189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       2360                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7822736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7822736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          2615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              2615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98410000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98410000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7825351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7825351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37632.887189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37632.887189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93180000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93180000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35632.887189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35632.887189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59568955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               223.805308                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4608198                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  2360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               1952.626271                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   223.805308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.874239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.874239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7827966                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7827966                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59568955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              523428                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             523428                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       518724                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1565580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1565580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1565580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66697728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66697728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66697728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3117048000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2768943500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59568955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           54336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33499392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        54336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          54336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33198336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33198336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           522579                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               523428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        518724                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              518724                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             912153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          561451112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              562363265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        912153                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            912153                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       557309357                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             557309357                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       557309357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            912153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         561451112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1119672621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    518724.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       849.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    522567.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005474362250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32416                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32416                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1547772                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              487060                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       523428                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      518724                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     523428                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    518724                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5054577500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2617080000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14868627500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9656.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28406.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    451941                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   450415                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 523428                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                518724                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   523416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       139751                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     477.240578                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    455.625775                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    100.716895                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2836      2.03%      2.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6331      4.53%      6.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6091      4.36%     10.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3358      2.40%     13.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       121005     86.59%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           21      0.02%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           12      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           16      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           81      0.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        139751                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32416                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.143818                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.018011                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      15.263049                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          32409     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32416                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32416                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.001111                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001044                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.048408                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32397     99.94%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      0.02%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                11      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32416                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33498624                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33196288                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33499392                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33198336                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        562.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        557.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     562.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     557.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    59567039000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       57157.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        54336                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33444288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33196288                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 912152.983042928972                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 561438218.951465606689                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 557274976.537694811821                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          849                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       522579                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       518724                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     22229500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14846398000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1448800845250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26183.16                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28409.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2793009.09                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             499435860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             265456455                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1869380520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1354182840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4701996000.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       21151589640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5062613760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         34904655075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         585.953792                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12984711000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1989000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  44595244000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             498393420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             264898590                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1867809720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1353389400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4701996000.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20727801480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5419488000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         34833776610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         584.763936                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13917046750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1989000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  43662908250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59568955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59568955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59568955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1284985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1284985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1284993                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1284993                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         529754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             529754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        529950                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            529950                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41234213000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41234213000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41249070000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41249070000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1814739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1814739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1814943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1814943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.291917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.291993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77836.529786                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77836.529786                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77835.776960                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77835.776960                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          525276                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                525276                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       529754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        529754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       529950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       529950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40174705000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40174705000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40189170000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40189170000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75836.529786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75836.529786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75835.776960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75835.776960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     529694                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1038265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1038265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    148865000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    148865000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1045090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1045090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21811.721612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21811.721612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    135215000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    135215000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19811.721612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19811.721612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         246720                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             246720                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       522929                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           522929                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41085348000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  41085348000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       769649                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         769649                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.679438                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.679438                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78567.736729                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78567.736729                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522929                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       522929                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40039490000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40039490000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.679438                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679438                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76567.736729                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76567.736729                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14857000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14857000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75801.020408                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75801.020408                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14465000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14465000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73801.020408                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73801.020408                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59568955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               162.135301                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1798139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                529694                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  3.394675                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   162.135301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.633341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.633341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2344893                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2344893                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59568955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59568955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59568955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              40                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                4506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             40                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4466                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               4506                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          2575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        525484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            528059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           528059                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     82295000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38029051000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  38111346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     82295000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38029051000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  38111346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       529950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          532565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       529950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         532565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.991539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.991539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31959.223301                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72369.569768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72172.514814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31959.223301                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72369.569768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72172.514814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         523103                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               523103                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       528059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       528059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     77145000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36978083000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37055228000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     77145000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36978083000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37055228000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29959.223301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70369.569768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70172.514814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29959.223301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70369.569768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70172.514814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    529857                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             40                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               4506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           528059                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     82295000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38029051000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38111346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       529950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         532565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.991539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31959.223301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72369.569768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72172.514814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       528059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     77145000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36978083000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37055228000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29959.223301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70369.569768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70172.514814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       525276                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       525276                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       525276                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       525276                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59568955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              414.817078                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1056657                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               529857                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.994231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    42.456754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   222.005653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.354671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.082923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.433605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.293661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.810190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          318                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1588210                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1588210                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59568955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               532565                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              532565                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        525276                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1585176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         5230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1590406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     67534464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       167360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67701824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            13075000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3158945000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2649750000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59568955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59568955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59568955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  59568955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                62816761000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  97835                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34236328                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   158601                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    71.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              877954514                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11347729                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.062817                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 62816761000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1110725                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11347729                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1207424                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            40                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      979984                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260168                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9172015                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         62816761                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   62816761                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5935660                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5610763                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       986385                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        8409                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11462263                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11462263                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22575826                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9532778                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1207103                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2186700                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     979597                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 14977      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9127447     79.52%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   148299      1.29%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1207045     10.52%     91.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  979367      8.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11477805                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    65                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         2520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            6215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2520                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3695                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           6215                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       522934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        523783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       522934                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       523783                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50518000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32265758000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32316276000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50518000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32265758000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32316276000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       529998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       529998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.252004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.992984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.988274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.252004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.992984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.988274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59502.944641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61701.396352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61697.832881                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59502.944641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61701.396352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61697.832881                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       518849                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           518849                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       523783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522934                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       523783                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48820000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31219890000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31268710000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48820000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31219890000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31268710000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.252004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.992984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.988274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.252004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.992984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.988274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57502.944641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59701.396352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59697.832881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57502.944641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59701.396352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59697.832881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                519469                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           6215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       522934                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       523783                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50518000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32265758000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32316276000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       529998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.252004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.992984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.988274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59502.944641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61701.396352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61697.832881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       523783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48820000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31219890000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31268710000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.252004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.992984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.988274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57502.944641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59701.396352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59697.832881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       523926                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       523926                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       523926                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       523926                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62816761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2958.031751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1053924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           524164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.010676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    14.424434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   486.163274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2457.444042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.014837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.074995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.090272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4695                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          994                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3626                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.143280                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1578088                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1578088                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62816761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9168601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9168601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9168601                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9168601                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           3414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               3414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          3414                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              3414                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    113581000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    113581000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    113581000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    113581000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9172015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9172015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9172015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9172015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33269.185706                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33269.185706                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33269.185706                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33269.185706                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          3414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    106753000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106753000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    106753000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106753000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31269.185706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31269.185706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31269.185706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31269.185706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       3159                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9168601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9168601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          3414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              3414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    113581000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    113581000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9172015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9172015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33269.185706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33269.185706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    106753000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106753000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31269.185706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31269.185706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62816761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               225.418163                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9172015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  3414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               2686.589045                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   225.418163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.880540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.880540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9175429                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9175429                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62816761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              523783                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             523783                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       518849                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1566415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1566415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1566415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66728448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66728448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66728448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3118028000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2770856250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62816761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           54336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33467776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33522112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        54336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          54336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33206336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33206336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           522934                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               523783                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        518849                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              518849                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             864992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          532784172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              533649164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        864992                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            864992                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       528622226                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             528622226                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       528622226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            864992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         532784172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1062271390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    518849.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       849.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    522922.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005474362250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32424                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32424                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1549436                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              487189                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       523783                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      518849                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     523783                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    518849                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5058909500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2618855000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14879615750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9658.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28408.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    452096                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   450532                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 523783                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                518849                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   523771                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       139972                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     476.712485                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    454.470633                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    101.858443                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3004      2.15%      2.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6357      4.54%      6.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6097      4.36%     11.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3361      2.40%     13.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       121010     86.45%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           24      0.02%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           13      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           19      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           87      0.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        139972                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32424                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.151400                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.020901                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      15.280314                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          32417     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32424                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32424                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.001388                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001307                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.052960                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32399     99.92%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 8      0.02%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                14      0.04%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32424                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33521344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33205056                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33522112                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33206336                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        533.64                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        528.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     533.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     528.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    62807395000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       60239.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        54336                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33467008                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33205056                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 864992.067960969871                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 532771946.009760022163                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 528601848.796374619007                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          849                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       522934                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       518849                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     22229500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14857386250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1500935906250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26183.16                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28411.59                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2892818.35                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             499671480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             265581690                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1870351560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1354856220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4958300880.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       21225055230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6247905600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         36421722660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         579.808989                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16065464750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2097420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  44653876250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             499728600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             265612050                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1869373380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1353431160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4958300880.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       21124714710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6332402880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         36403563660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         579.519910                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16286034500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2097420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  44433306500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62816761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62816761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62816761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1525260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1525260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1525268                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1525268                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         531865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             531865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        532061                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            532061                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41292627000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41292627000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41307484000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41307484000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2057125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2057125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2057329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2057329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.258548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.258548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.258617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.258617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77637.421150                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77637.421150                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77636.744659                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77636.744659                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          526327                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                526327                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       531865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        531865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       532061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       532061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40228897000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40228897000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40243362000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40243362000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.258548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.258548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.258617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.258617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75637.421150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75637.421150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75636.744659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75636.744659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     531805                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1198900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1198900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    174644000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    174644000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1207217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1207217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20998.436936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20998.436936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    158010000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    158010000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18998.436936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18998.436936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         326360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             326360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       523548                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           523548                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41117983000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  41117983000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       849908                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         849908                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616005                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.616005                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78537.179017                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78537.179017                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       523548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40070887000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40070887000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76537.179017                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76537.179017                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14857000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14857000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75801.020408                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75801.020408                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14465000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14465000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73801.020408                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73801.020408                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62816761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               166.988374                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2057329                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                532061                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  3.866716                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   166.988374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.652298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.652298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2589390                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2589390                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62816761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62816761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62816761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              45                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                5477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             45                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5432                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               5477                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          3369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        526629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            529998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           529998                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92617000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38066067000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  38158684000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92617000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38066067000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  38158684000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       532061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          535475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       532061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         535475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.989772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.989772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27490.946869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72282.511977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71997.788671                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27490.946869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72282.511977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71997.788671                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         523926                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               523926                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       529998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       529998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     85879000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37012809000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37098688000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     85879000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37012809000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37098688000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25490.946869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70282.511977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69997.788671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25490.946869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70282.511977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69997.788671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    532318                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             45                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               5477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           529998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92617000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38066067000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38158684000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       532061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         535475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.989772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27490.946869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72282.511977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71997.788671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       529998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     85879000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37012809000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37098688000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25490.946869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70282.511977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69997.788671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       526327                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       526327                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       526327                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       526327                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62816761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              419.841713                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1061802                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               532830                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.992759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    47.242745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   212.273273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   160.325695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.092271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.414596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.313136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.820003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          365                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1594632                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1594632                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62816761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               535475                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              535475                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        526327                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1590449                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         6828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1597277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     67736832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       218496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67955328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            17070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3167110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2660305000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62816761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62816761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62816761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  62816761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
