
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18596592000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  42858                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34202376                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    77244                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    23.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              797004744                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1802342                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018597                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18596592000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            200469                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1802342                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      200133                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            15                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      249118                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         98919                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1250612                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            45                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18596581                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18596581                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1002165                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              798706                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       199865                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    550                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           550                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  798                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 306                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         426                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1851323                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1851323                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3404443                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1401948                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      200130                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        449246                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     249116                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   191      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1402007     75.71%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       28      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        35      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      10      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                       84      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       68      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     130      0.01%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   200082     10.80%     86.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  248932     13.44%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  48      0.00%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                184      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1851799                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    24                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              47                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           40                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data            7                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             47                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       198025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        198441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          416                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       198025                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       198441                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24793000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12292044000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  12316837000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24793000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12292044000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  12316837000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       198032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       198488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       198032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       198488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.912281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.912281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59598.557692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62073.192779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62068.005100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59598.557692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62073.192779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62068.005100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       197315                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           197315                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       198441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       198441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23961000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11895994000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11919955000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23961000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11895994000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11919955000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.912281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.912281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57598.557692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60073.192779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60068.005100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57598.557692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60073.192779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60068.005100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                197365                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            7                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             47                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       198025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       198441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24793000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12292044000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12316837000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       198032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       198488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.912281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59598.557692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62073.192779                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62068.005100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       198441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23961000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11895994000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11919955000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.912281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57598.557692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60073.192779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60068.005100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       197821                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       197821                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       197821                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       197821                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18596592000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1075.007489                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             394682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           197365                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.995750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   389.219634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   683.792104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.047512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.083471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.131227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1079                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          567                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.131714                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           594753                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          594753                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18596592000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1250152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1250152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1250152                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1250152                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32703000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     32703000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32703000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     32703000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1250612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1250612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1250612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1250612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71093.478261                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71093.478261                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71093.478261                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71093.478261                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31783000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31783000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31783000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31783000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69093.478261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69093.478261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69093.478261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69093.478261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        243                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1250152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1250152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32703000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32703000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1250612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1250612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71093.478261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71093.478261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31783000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31783000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69093.478261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69093.478261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18596592000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.642010                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                    6638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 27.316872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.642010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1251072                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1251072                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18596592000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              198441                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             198441                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       197315                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       594197                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       594197                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 594197                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     25328384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     25328384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                25328384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1185016000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1049156250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18596592000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           26624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        12673600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            12700224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        26624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          26624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     12628160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         12628160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           198025                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               198441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        197315                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              197315                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1431660                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          681501213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              682932873                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1431660                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1431660                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       679057754                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             679057754                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       679057754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1431660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         681501213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1361990627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    197315.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       416.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    198025.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000016657750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         12331                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         12331                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               586288                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              185319                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       198441                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      197315                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     198441                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    197315                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              12452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              12379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              12420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              12434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              12433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              12414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              12383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              12369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              12379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              12402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             12388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             12394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             12396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             12424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             12367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             12407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              12330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              12328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              12328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              12331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              12329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              12330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              12332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              12336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              12336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              12336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             12336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             12328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             12328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             12328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             12328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             12332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.81                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1990564000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   992205000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               5711332750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10031.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28781.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    171634                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   172393                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 198441                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                197315                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   198441                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   12332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   12332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   12331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   12331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   12331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   12331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   12331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   12331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   12331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   12331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   12331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   12331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   12331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   12331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   12331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   12331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        51703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     489.795640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    474.905944                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     82.023402                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           652      1.26%      1.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1374      2.66%      3.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1218      2.36%      6.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1202      2.32%      8.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        47242     91.37%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            3      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            3      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         51703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12331                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.092693                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.005558                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      10.293121                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           12330     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          12331                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12331                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             12331    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          12331                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                12700224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 12626944                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 12700224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              12628160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        682.93                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        678.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     682.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     679.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18596548000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46989.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        26624                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     12673600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     12626944                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1431660.166550946655                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 681501212.695315361023                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 678992365.913066267967                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          416                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       198025                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       197315                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     10927750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   5700405000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 461715922500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26268.63                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28786.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2339994.03                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             184354800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              97964130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            707980980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           514963440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1467760320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7653302790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         696204960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11322531420                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         608.849805                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1746811750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    620880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  16228900250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             184854600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              98248755                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            708887760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           514921680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1467760320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7657719150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         692485920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11324878185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         608.975999                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1737202750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    620880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16238509250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18596592000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18596592000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18596592000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           201728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               201728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          201730                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              201730                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         198064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             198064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        198064                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            198064                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15659069000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15659069000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15659069000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15659069000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       399792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           399792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       399794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          399794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.495418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.495415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79060.652112                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79060.652112                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79060.652112                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79060.652112                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          197884                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                197884                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        198064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       198064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15262943000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15262943000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15262943000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15262943000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77060.662210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77060.662210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77060.662210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77060.662210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     197922                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          200013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              200013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7524000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7524000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       200131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          200131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63762.711864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63762.711864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7288000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7288000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61762.711864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61762.711864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           1715                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               1715                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       197946                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           197946                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15651545000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15651545000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       199661                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         199661                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991410                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.991410                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79069.771554                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79069.771554                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       197946                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       197946                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15255655000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15255655000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991410                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991410                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77069.781658                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77069.781658                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18596592000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               140.808193                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  199252                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                197922                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.006720                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   140.808193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.550032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.550032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.550781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                597857                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               597857                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18596592000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18596592000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18596592000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst               4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  35                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 35                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        198033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            198489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       198033                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           198489                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29889000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14470410000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  14500299000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29889000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14470410000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  14500299000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       198064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          198524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       198064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         198524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65546.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73070.700338                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73053.413539                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65546.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73070.700338                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73053.413539                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         197821                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               197821                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       198489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       198489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28977000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14074346000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14103323000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28977000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14074346000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14103323000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63546.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71070.710437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71053.423615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63546.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71070.710437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71053.423615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    198158                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 35                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       198033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           198489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29889000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14470410000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14500299000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       198064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         198524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65546.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73070.700338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73053.413539                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       198489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28977000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14074346000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14103323000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63546.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71070.710437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71053.423615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       197884                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       197884                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       197884                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       197884                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18596592000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              393.344752                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 395957                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               198158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    27.961715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.571169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   111.811869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.054613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.495256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.218383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.768251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               594960                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              594960                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18596592000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               198524                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              198523                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        197884                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       594011                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  594931                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     25340608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        29440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 25370048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             2300000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1187944000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           990315000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18596592000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18596592000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18596592000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18596592000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                37206350000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  48416                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34205916                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    87206                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    41.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              900689906                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3602380                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.037206                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 37206350000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            400468                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3602380                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      400129                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            20                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      499092                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        198890                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2500636                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            45                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         37206339                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   37206339                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2002198                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1598648                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       399853                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    550                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           550                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  798                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 306                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         434                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3701337                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3701337                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6804533                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2801989                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      400126                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        899216                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     499090                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   191      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2802060     75.69%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       28      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        35      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      10      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                       84      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       68      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     130      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   400078     10.81%     86.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  498906     13.48%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  48      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                184      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3701822                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    25                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              47                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           40                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data            7                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             47                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       397965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        398381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          416                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       397965                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       398381                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24793000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24602684000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  24627477000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24793000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24602684000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  24627477000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       397972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       398428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       397972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       398428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.912281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.912281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59598.557692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61821.225485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61818.904516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59598.557692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61821.225485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61818.904516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       397255                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           397255                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       397965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       398381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       397965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       398381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23961000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23806754000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23830715000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23961000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23806754000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23830715000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.912281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.912281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57598.557692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59821.225485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59818.904516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57598.557692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59821.225485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59818.904516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                397305                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            7                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             47                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       397965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       398381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24793000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24602684000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24627477000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       397972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       398428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.912281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59598.557692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61821.225485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61818.904516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       397965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       398381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23961000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23806754000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23830715000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.912281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57598.557692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59821.225485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59818.904516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       397761                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       397761                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       397761                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       397761                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1077.004451                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             794562                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           397305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999879                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.997876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   389.609955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   685.396620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.047560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.083667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.131470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1079                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          567                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.131714                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1194573                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1194573                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2500176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2500176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2500176                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2500176                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32703000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     32703000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32703000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     32703000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2500636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2500636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2500636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2500636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71093.478261                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71093.478261                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71093.478261                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71093.478261                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31783000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31783000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31783000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31783000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69093.478261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69093.478261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69093.478261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69093.478261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        243                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2500176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2500176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32703000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32703000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2500636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2500636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71093.478261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71093.478261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31783000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31783000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69093.478261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69093.478261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.821069                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                    6638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 27.316872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.821069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2501096                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2501096                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              398381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             398381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       397255                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1194017                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1194017                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1194017                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     50920704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     50920704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                50920704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2384656000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2106985500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           26624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        25469760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            25496384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        26624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          26624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     25424320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         25424320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           397965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               398381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        397255                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              397255                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             715577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          684554115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              685269692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        715577                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            715577                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       683332818                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             683332818                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       683332818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            715577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         684554115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1368602510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    397255.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       416.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    397965.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000016657750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         24826                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         24827                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1178168                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              373039                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       398381                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      397255                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     398381                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    397255                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              24948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              24875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              24916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              24930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              24929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              24910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              24879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              24865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              24875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              24898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             24884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             24890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             24892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             24923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             24863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             24904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              24826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              24824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              24824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              24827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              24825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              24826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              24828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              24832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              24832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              24832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             24831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             24824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             24824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             24824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             24824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             24829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3896179750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1991905000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              11365823500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9780.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28530.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    344454                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   345620                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 87.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 398381                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                397255                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   398381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   24827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   24827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   24829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   24827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   24827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   24827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   24827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   24827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   24827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   24827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   24827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   24827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   24827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   24827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   24827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   24827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       105530                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     482.470729                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    464.752763                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     91.478210                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1530      1.45%      1.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4152      3.93%      5.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3949      3.74%      9.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2502      2.37%     11.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        93382     88.49%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        105530                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24827                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.046280                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.002990                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       7.254136                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           24826    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          24827                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24826                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000242                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000222                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.026926                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             24824     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          24826                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                25496384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 25422848                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 25496384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              25424320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        685.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        683.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     685.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     683.33                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    37206306000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46762.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        26624                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     25469760                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     25422848                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 715576.776544863940                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 684554115.090569257736                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 683293255.049205303192                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          416                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       397965                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       397255                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     10927750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  11354895750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 924608488500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26268.63                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28532.40                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2327493.65                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             376542180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             200114145                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1421781060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1036765080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2936749920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       15437295750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1287410400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         22696658535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         610.021099                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3220125250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1242280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  32743944750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             377006280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             200372205                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1422659280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1036754640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2936749920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15427313910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1295816160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         22696672395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         610.021472                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3242108750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1242280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  32721961250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           401771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               401771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          401775                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              401775                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         398004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             398004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        398004                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            398004                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31368689000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31368689000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31368689000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31368689000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       799775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           799775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       799779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          799779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.497645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.497642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78815.009397                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78815.009397                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78815.009397                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78815.009397                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          397824                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                397824                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        398004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       398004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30572683000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30572683000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30572683000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30572683000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76815.014422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76815.014422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76815.014422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76815.014422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     397862                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          400006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              400006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7787000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7787000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       400125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          400125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65436.974790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65436.974790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7549000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7549000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63436.974790                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63436.974790                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           1765                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               1765                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       397885                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           397885                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31360902000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  31360902000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       399650                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         399650                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.995584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78819.010518                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78819.010518                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       397885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       397885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30565134000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30565134000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995584                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995584                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76819.015545                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76819.015545                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            4                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             4                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               140.904130                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  399203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                397862                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.003371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   140.904130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.550407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.550407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.550781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1197782                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1197782                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst               4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  35                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 35                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        397973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            398429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       397973                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           398429                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29889000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28980390000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  29010279000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29889000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28980390000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  29010279000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       398004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          398464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       398004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         398464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65546.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72819.990301                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72811.665316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65546.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72819.990301                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72811.665316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         397761                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               397761                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       397973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       398429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       397973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       398429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28977000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28184446000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28213423000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28977000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28184446000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28213423000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63546.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70819.995326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70811.670335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63546.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70819.995326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70811.670335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    398100                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 35                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       397973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           398429                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29889000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28980390000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  29010279000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       398004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         398464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65546.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72819.990301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72811.665316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       397973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       398429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28977000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28184446000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28213423000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63546.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70819.995326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70811.670335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       397824                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       397824                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       397824                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       397824                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              393.672492                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 795837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               398100                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    27.980941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.785660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   111.905891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.054650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.495675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.218566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.768892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1194782                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1194782                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               398464                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              398463                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        397824                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1193831                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1194751                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     50932928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        29440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 50962368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             2300000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2387584000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1990015000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  37206350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                49906578000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  48933                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34214740                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    86348                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    61.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              813683109                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3001280                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5296089                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.049907                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 49906578000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            574884                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3001280                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5296089                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      581034                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      688334                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260134                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3788647                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         49906567                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   49906567                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2911212                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2388075                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       563064                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1104                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5424353                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5424353                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10113868                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4175520                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      581016                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1269328                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     688312                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  1426      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4141918     76.33%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    13100      0.24%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   580958     10.71%     87.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  688082     12.68%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5426154                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           97                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          243                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           97                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            340                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       521039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        521860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          821                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       521039                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       521860                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48397000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32154588000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32202985000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48397000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32154588000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32202985000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       521136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       522200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       521136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       522200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58948.842875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61712.439952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61708.092209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58948.842875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61712.439952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61708.092209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       519749                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           519749                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       521860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          821                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       521860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46755000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31112510000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31159265000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46755000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31112510000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31159265000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999814                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999814                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56948.842875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59712.439952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59708.092209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56948.842875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59712.439952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59708.092209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                520051                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           97                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          821                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       521039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       521860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48397000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32154588000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32202985000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       521136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       522200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58948.842875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61712.439952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61708.092209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       521860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46755000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31112510000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31159265000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56948.842875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59712.439952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59708.092209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       520534                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       520534                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       520534                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       520534                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49906578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1096.976248                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1039802                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           520051                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.389095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   397.493053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   696.094099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.048522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.084972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.133908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1870                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1299                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          522                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.228271                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1564655                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1564655                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49906578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3787575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3787575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3787575                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3787575                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1072                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1072                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67125000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     67125000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67125000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     67125000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3788647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3788647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3788647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3788647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62616.604478                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62616.604478                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62616.604478                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62616.604478                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64981000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64981000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64981000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64981000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60616.604478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60616.604478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60616.604478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60616.604478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        818                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3787575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3787575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67125000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67125000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3788647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3788647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62616.604478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62616.604478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64981000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64981000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60616.604478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60616.604478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49906578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               217.786706                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3275807                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   818                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               4004.654034                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   217.786706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.850729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.850729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3789719                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3789719                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49906578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              521860                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             521860                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       519749                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1563469                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1563469                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1563469                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66662976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66662976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66662976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3120605000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2760566500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49906578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           52544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33346496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33399040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        52544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          52544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33263936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33263936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              821                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           521039                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               521860                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        519749                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              519749                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1052847                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          668178371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              669231218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1052847                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1052847                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       666524080                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             666524080                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       666524080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1052847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         668178371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1335755299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    519749.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       821.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    521039.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000187748500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32482                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32482                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1543126                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              488020                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       521860                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      519749                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     521860                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    519749                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5045463500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2609300000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14830338500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9668.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28418.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    450987                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   451328                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 521860                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                519749                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   521860                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       139263                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     478.669797                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    459.050015                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     96.774474                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2301      1.65%      1.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6309      4.53%      6.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6091      4.37%     10.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3319      2.38%     12.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       121190     87.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           11      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           13      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           26      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        139263                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32482                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.053660                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.006044                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       6.647639                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           32478     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32482                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32482                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000185                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000169                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.023540                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32480     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32482                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33399040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33261952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33399040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33263936                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        669.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        666.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     669.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     666.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    49882940000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       47890.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        52544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33346496                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33261952                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1052847.181788340677                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 668178371.195877194405                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 666484325.974022865295                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          821                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       521039                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       519749                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     21043000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14809295500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1208530136500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25630.94                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28422.62                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2325218.78                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.63                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             496894020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             264105435                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1863697080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1356474420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      3939227760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       20419009110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1969171200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         30308579025                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         607.306296                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4951476750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1666340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  43288761250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             497443800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             264397650                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1862383320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1356453540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      3939227760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20252351370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2109514560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         30281772000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         606.769152                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5316932250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1666340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  42923305750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49906578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49906578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49906578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           617285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               617285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          617293                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              617293                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         521814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             521814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        522010                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            522010                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41012219000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41012219000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41027244000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41027244000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1139099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1139099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1139303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1139303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.458094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.458184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78595.474633                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78595.474633                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78594.747227                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78594.747227                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          521090                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                521090                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        521814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       522010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39968593000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39968593000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39983226000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39983226000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76595.478466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76595.478466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76594.751058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76594.751058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     521753                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          579801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              579801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          1026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              1026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     31823000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31823000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       580827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          580827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.001766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31016.569201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31016.569201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     29773000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29773000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29018.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29018.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          37484                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              37484                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       520788                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           520788                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40980396000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  40980396000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       558272                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         558272                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.932857                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.932857                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78689.209429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78689.209429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       520788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       520788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39938820000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39938820000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.932857                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.932857                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76689.209429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76689.209429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15025000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     15025000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76658.163265                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76658.163265                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14633000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14633000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74658.163265                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74658.163265                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49906578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               143.948823                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1083344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                521753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.076354                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   143.948823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.562300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.562300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1661312                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1661312                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49906578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49906578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49906578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst               8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst              8                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            873                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                881                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        521137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            522201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           522201                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60587000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37887278000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  37947865000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60587000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37887278000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  37947865000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       522010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          523082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       522010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         523082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.998316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.998316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56942.669173                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72701.186060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72669.077616                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56942.669173                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72701.186060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72669.077616                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         520534                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               520534                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       522201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       522201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58459000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36845006000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36903465000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58459000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36845006000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36903465000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54942.669173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70701.189898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70669.081446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54942.669173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70701.189898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70669.081446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    522001                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst              8                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           522201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60587000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37887278000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  37947865000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       522010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         523082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.998316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56942.669173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72701.186060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72669.077616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       522201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58459000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36845006000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36903465000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54942.669173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70701.189898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70669.081446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       521090                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       521090                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       521090                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       521090                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49906578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              396.494634                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1042404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               522001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    28.339446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.755583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   115.399605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.055350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.493663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.225390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.774404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          499                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.974609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1566672                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1566672                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49906578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               523082                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              523081                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        521090                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1565109                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         2144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1567253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     66758336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        68608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 66826944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             5360000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3128532000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2610045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49906578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49906578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49906578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  49906578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                53120890000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  62811                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34214872                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   106920                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    63.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              833606473                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4002582                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6813356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.053121                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 53120890000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            712095                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4002582                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6813356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      728104                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            38                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      762841                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260144                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5135047                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         53120881                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   53120881                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3676176                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3202528                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       672966                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3590                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6938918                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6938918                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13214829                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5513378                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      727981                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1490704                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     762723                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  4122      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5402251     77.80%     77.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    45965      0.66%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   727923     10.48%     89.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  762493     10.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6943424                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            1360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          690                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          670                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           1360                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       521572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        522450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          878                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       521572                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       522450                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51885000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32186583000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32238468000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51885000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32186583000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32238468000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       522242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       523810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       522242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       523810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.559949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.559949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59094.533030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61710.718750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61706.322136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59094.533030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61710.718750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61706.322136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       519804                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           519804                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       522450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       522450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50129000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31143439000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31193568000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50129000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31143439000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31193568000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.559949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.559949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57094.533030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59710.718750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59706.322136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57094.533030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59710.718750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59706.322136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                520373                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           1360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       521572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       522450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51885000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32186583000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32238468000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       522242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       523810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.559949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.997404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59094.533030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61710.718750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61706.322136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       522450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50129000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31143439000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31193568000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.559949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57094.533030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59710.718750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59706.322136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       521126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       521126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       521126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       521126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53120890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1155.005519                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1040160                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           520373                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998874                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     8.358925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   413.950314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   732.696280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.050531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.089440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.140992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1621                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          521                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.271240                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1567531                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1567531                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53120890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5133466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5133466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5133466                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5133466                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1581                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1581                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80161000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80161000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80161000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80161000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5135047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5135047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5135047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5135047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50702.719798                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50702.719798                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50702.719798                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50702.719798                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76999000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76999000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76999000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76999000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48702.719798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48702.719798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48702.719798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48702.719798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1326                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5133466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5133466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80161000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80161000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5135047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5135047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50702.719798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50702.719798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76999000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76999000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48702.719798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48702.719798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53120890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               220.014136                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3577077                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1326                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               2697.644796                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   220.014136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.859430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.859430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5136628                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5136628                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53120890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              522450                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             522450                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       519804                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1564704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1564704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1564704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66704256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66704256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66704256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3121470000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2763717500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53120890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           56192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33380608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33436800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        56192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          56192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33267456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33267456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              878                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           521572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               522450                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        519804                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              519804                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1057814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          628389472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              629447285                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1057814                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1057814                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       626259387                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             626259387                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       626259387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1057814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         628389472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1255706672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    519804.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       878.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    521571.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005185658500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32485                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32485                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1545185                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              488071                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       522450                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      519804                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     522450                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    519804                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5050241750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2612245000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14846160500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9666.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28416.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    451358                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   451363                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 522450                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                519804                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   522449                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       139500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     478.151570                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    457.853270                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     98.116125                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2480      1.78%      1.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6328      4.54%      6.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6099      4.37%     10.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3329      2.39%     13.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       121190     86.87%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           11      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           16      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           42      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        139500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32485                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.079267                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.010255                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       7.225515                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           32478     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32485                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32485                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000369                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000343                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.030387                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32480     99.98%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32485                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33436736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33265408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33436800                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33267456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        629.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        626.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     629.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     626.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          9.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    53104116000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       50951.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        56192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33380544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33265408                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1057813.602144090692                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 628388266.838149785995                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 626220833.272936582565                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          878                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       521572                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       519804                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     22630750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14823529750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1274545796000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25775.34                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28420.87                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2451973.81                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             498207780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             264803715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1865146500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1356636240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4193074080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       20766918300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2910490560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         31855277175                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         599.675141                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7394714500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1773720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  43952455500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             497822220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             264598785                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1865139360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1356573600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4193074080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20326854930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3281070240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         31785133215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         598.354681                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8361972000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1773720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  42985198000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53120890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53120890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53120890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           836562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               836562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          836570                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              836570                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         524111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             524111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        524307                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            524307                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41082053000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41082053000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41097078000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41097078000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1360673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1360673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1360877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1360877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.385185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.385271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78384.260204                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78384.260204                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78383.614943                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78383.614943                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          522439                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                522439                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       524111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        524111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       524307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       524307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40033833000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40033833000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40048466000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40048466000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76384.264020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76384.264020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76383.618758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76383.618758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     524050                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          725151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              725151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     67503000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67503000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       727897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          727897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24582.301529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24582.301529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     62011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22582.301529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22582.301529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         111411                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             111411                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       521365                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           521365                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41014550000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  41014550000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       632776                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         632776                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.823933                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.823933                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78667.632081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78667.632081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       521365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39971822000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39971822000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.823933                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.823933                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76667.635917                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76667.635917                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15025000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     15025000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76658.163265                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76658.163265                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14633000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14633000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74658.163265                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74658.163265                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53120890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               150.728970                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1321619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                524050                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.521933                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.728970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.588785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.588785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1885183                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1885183                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53120890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53120890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53120890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                2077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2064                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               2077                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        522243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            523811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           523811                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     70513000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37932585000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  38003098000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     70513000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37932585000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  38003098000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       524307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          525888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       524307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         525888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.996050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.996050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44970.025510                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72633.974989                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72551.164447                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44970.025510                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72633.974989                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72551.164447                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         521126                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               521126                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       523811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       523811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67377000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36888101000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36955478000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67377000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36888101000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36955478000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42970.025510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70633.978818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70551.168265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42970.025510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70633.978818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70551.168265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    524057                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               2077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           523811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     70513000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37932585000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38003098000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       524307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         525888                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.996050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44970.025510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72633.974989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72551.164447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       523811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67377000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36888101000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36955478000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42970.025510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70633.978818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70551.168265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       522439                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       522439                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       522439                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       522439                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53120890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              403.007163                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1046661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               524057                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997227                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    32.448628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   244.077507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   126.481028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.063376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.476714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.247033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.787123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1572896                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1572896                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53120890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               525888                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              525887                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        522439                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1571052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1574214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     66991680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       101184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67092864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             7905000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3138083000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2621530000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53120890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53120890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53120890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  53120890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                56307789000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  76535                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34214872                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   127206                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    65.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              861423462                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5002769                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8314928                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.056308                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 56307789000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            846806                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5002769                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8314928                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      879309                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            38                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      829714                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260150                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6479060                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         56307778                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   56307778                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4420962                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3998600                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       777451                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        4874                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8438090                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8438090                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            16299262                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6848308                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      879141                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1708683                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     829542                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  6514      0.08%      0.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6648216     78.72%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    81203      0.96%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   879083     10.41%     90.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  829312      9.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8444998                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         1004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1004                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1605                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2609                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       521876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        522773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          897                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       521876                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       522773                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53165000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32205811000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32258976000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53165000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32205811000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32258976000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       523481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       525382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       523481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       525382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.471857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.995034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.471857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.995034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59269.788183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61711.615403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61707.425594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59269.788183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61711.615403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61707.425594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       519972                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           519972                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       522773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       522773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51371000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31162059000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31213430000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51371000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31162059000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31213430000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.471857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.471857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57269.788183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59711.615403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59707.425594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57269.788183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59711.615403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59707.425594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                520651                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       521876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       522773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53165000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32205811000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32258976000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       523481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       525382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.471857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.995034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59269.788183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61711.615403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61707.425594                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       522773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51371000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31162059000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31213430000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.471857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57269.788183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59711.615403                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59707.425594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       522021                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       522021                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       522021                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       522021                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56307789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1219.204041                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1040670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           520651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    16.269622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   425.402250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   777.532170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.051929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.094914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.148829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2343                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1784                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          521                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.286011                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1570397                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1570397                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56307789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6477146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6477146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6477146                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6477146                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1914                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1914                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87732000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87732000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87732000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87732000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6479060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6479060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6479060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6479060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45836.990596                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45836.990596                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45836.990596                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45836.990596                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83904000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83904000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83904000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83904000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43836.990596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43836.990596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43836.990596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43836.990596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1659                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6477146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6477146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87732000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87732000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6479060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6479060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45836.990596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45836.990596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83904000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83904000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43836.990596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43836.990596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56307789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.994260                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3873882                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               2335.070524                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.994260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.867165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.867165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6480974                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6480974                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56307789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              522773                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             522773                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       519972                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1565518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1565518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1565518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66735680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66735680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66735680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3122633000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2765458000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56307789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           57408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33400064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33457472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        57408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          57408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33278208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33278208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              897                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           521876                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               522773                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        519972                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              519972                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1019539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          593169517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              594189056                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1019539                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1019539                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       591005411                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             591005411                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       591005411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1019539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         593169517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1185194468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    519972.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       897.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    521870.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005185658500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32495                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32495                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1546800                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              488229                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       522773                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      519972                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     522773                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    519972                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5054052750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2613835000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14855934000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9667.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28417.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    451491                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   451507                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 522773                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                519972                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   522767                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       139709                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     477.658905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    456.736090                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     99.290668                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2650      1.90%      1.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6341      4.54%      6.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6106      4.37%     10.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3332      2.38%     13.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       121191     86.75%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           11      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           19      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           51      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        139709                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32495                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.085705                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.012979                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       7.258108                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           32486     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32495                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32495                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000615                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000577                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.036793                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32485     99.97%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 6      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32495                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33457088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33276160                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33457472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33278208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        594.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        590.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     594.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     591.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          9.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    56265459000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       53958.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        57408                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33399680                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33276160                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1019539.232840415789                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 593162697.260231614113                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 590969039.825023174286                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          897                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       521876                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       519972                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     23275750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14832658250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1352567544500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25948.44                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28421.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2601231.50                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             499300200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             265384350                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1866638760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1357173900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4444461840.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       21053041770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3893314080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         33379314900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         592.801023                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9946636000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1880060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  44481093000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             498222060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             264811305                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1865917620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1356912900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4444461840.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20460308460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4392457920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         33283092105                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         591.092151                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11249838500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1880060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  43177890500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56307789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56307789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56307789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1052218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1052218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1052226                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1052226                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         526531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             526531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        526727                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            526727                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41141962000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41141962000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41156987000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41156987000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1578749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1578749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1578953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1578953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.333512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.333593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78137.777263                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78137.777263                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78137.226685                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78137.226685                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          523714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                523714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        526531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       526727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40088902000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40088902000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40103535000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40103535000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76137.781061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76137.781061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76137.230482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76137.230482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     526470                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          874502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              874502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    101756000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101756000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       879102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          879102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22120.869565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22120.869565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92556000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92556000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20120.869565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20120.869565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         177716                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             177716                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       521931                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           521931                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41040206000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  41040206000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       699647                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         699647                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.745992                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.745992                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78631.478107                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78631.478107                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       521931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39996346000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39996346000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.745992                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.745992                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76631.481939                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76631.481939                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15025000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     15025000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76658.163265                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76658.163265                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14633000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14633000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74658.163265                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74658.163265                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56307789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               156.687083                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1471669                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                526470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.795352                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   156.687083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.612059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.612059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2105679                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2105679                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56307789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56307789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56307789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                3258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3245                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               3258                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        523482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            525383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           525383                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76084000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37967312000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  38043396000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76084000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37967312000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  38043396000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       526727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          528641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       526727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         528641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.993837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.993837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40023.145713                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72528.400212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72410.786036                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40023.145713                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72528.400212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72410.786036                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         522021                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               522021                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       525383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       525383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36920350000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36992632000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36920350000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36992632000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38023.145713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70528.404033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70410.789843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38023.145713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70528.404033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70410.789843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    526333                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               3258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           525383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76084000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37967312000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38043396000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       526727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         528641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.993837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40023.145713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72528.400212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72410.786036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       525383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36920350000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36992632000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38023.145713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70528.404033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70410.789843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56307789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              409.175922                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1050325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               526333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.995552                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    36.687021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   232.467021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   140.021880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.071654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.454037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.273480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.799172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          479                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1579200                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1579200                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56307789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               528641                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              528640                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        523714                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1577167                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1580995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     67228160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       122496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67350656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             9570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3147211000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2633630000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56307789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56307789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56307789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  56307789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                59584263000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  89478                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34214872                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   146619                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    67.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              888456370                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000804                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9832981                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.059584                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 59584263000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            979595                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000804                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9832981                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1045367                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            40                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      899796                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260160                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7826357                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         59584262                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   59584262                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5173272                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4802625                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       881024                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        6032                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9950535                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9950535                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19437302                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8197359                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1045146                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1944682                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     899536                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 12060      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7890463     79.20%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   115467      1.16%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1045088     10.49%     90.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  899306      9.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9963054                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         1639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            4519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1639                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2880                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           4519                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       522604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        523540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          936                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       522604                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       523540                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56208000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32250418000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32306626000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56208000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32250418000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32306626000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       528059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       528059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.363495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.991442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.363495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.991442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60051.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61711.004891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61708.037590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60051.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61711.004891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61708.037590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       520312                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           520312                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       523540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       523540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54336000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31205210000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31259546000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54336000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31205210000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31259546000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.363495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.363495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58051.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59711.004891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59708.037590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58051.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59711.004891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59708.037590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                521419                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           4519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       522604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       523540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56208000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32250418000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32306626000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       528059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.363495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.991442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60051.282051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61711.004891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61708.037590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       523540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54336000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31205210000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31259546000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.363495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58051.282051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59711.004891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59708.037590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       523105                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       523105                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       523105                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       523105                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59584263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1286.993571                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1042490                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           521419                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    26.982575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   435.971214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   824.039782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.003294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.053219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.100591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.157104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2645                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          285                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1078                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1274                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.322876                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1575228                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1575228                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59584263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7823742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7823742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7823742                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7823742                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           2615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               2615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          2615                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              2615                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103926000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    103926000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103926000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    103926000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7826357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7826357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7826357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7826357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39742.256214                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39742.256214                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39742.256214                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39742.256214                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          2615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98696000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98696000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98696000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98696000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37742.256214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37742.256214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37742.256214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37742.256214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       2360                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7823742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7823742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          2615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              2615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103926000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103926000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7826357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7826357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39742.256214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39742.256214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98696000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98696000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37742.256214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37742.256214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59584263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               223.809210                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4607382                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  2360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               1952.280508                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   223.809210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.874255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.874255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7828972                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7828972                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59584263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              523540                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             523540                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       520312                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1567392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1567392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1567392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66806528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66806528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66806528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3125100000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2769554250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59584263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           59904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33446656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33506560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        59904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          59904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33299968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33299968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           522604                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               523540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        520312                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              520312                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1005366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          561333720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              562339086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1005366                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1005366                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       558871862                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             558871862                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       558871862                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1005366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         561333720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1121210948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    520312.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       936.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    522581.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005185658500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32515                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32515                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1549469                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              488552                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       523540                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      520312                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     523540                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    520312                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5062238000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2617585000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14878181750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9669.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28419.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    451986                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   451806                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 523540                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                520312                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   523517                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32517                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       140008                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     477.138449                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    455.461661                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    100.873583                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2841      2.03%      2.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6376      4.55%      6.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6120      4.37%     10.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3339      2.38%     13.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       121196     86.56%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           17      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           28      0.02%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           15      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           76      0.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        140008                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32515                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.099154                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.020125                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       7.291390                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           32503     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             6      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32515                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32515                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.001322                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.053465                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32494     99.94%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                16      0.05%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32515                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33505088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33298112                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33506560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33299968                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        562.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        558.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     562.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     558.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    59578034000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       57075.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        59904                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33445184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33298112                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1005366.131657951395                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 561309015.435837507248                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 558840712.689523458481                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          936                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       522604                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       520312                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     25014750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14853167000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1463842685750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26725.16                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28421.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2813394.05                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             500421180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             265980165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1869887460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1358463240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4703225280.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       21212179500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5017469280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         34927626105                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         586.188774                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12866745000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1989520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  44727998000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             499235940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             265350195                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1868023920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1357414020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4703225280.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20717893740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5433709920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         34844853015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         584.799597                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13953822750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1989520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  43640920250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59584263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59584263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59584263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1285127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1285127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1285135                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1285135                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         529757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             529757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        529953                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            529953                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41241541000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41241541000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41256566000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41256566000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1814884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1814884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1815088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1815088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.291896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.291971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77849.921757                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77849.921757                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77849.480992                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77849.480992                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          525279                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                525279                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       529757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        529757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       529953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       529953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40182027000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40182027000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40196660000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40196660000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75849.921757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75849.921757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75849.480992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75849.480992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     529697                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1038333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1038333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    149437000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149437000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1045160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1045160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21889.116742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21889.116742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    135783000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    135783000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19889.116742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19889.116742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         246794                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             246794                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       522930                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           522930                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41092104000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  41092104000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       769724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         769724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.679373                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.679373                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78580.505995                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78580.505995                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       522930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40046244000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40046244000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.679373                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679373                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76580.505995                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76580.505995                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15025000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     15025000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76658.163265                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76658.163265                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14633000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14633000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74658.163265                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74658.163265                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59584263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               162.148192                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1797989                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                529697                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  3.394373                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   162.148192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.633391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.633391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2345041                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2345041                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59584263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59584263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59584263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              40                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                4509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             40                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4469                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               4509                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          2575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        525484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            528059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           528059                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87811000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38036502000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  38124313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87811000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38036502000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  38124313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       529953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          532568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       529953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         532568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.991533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.991533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34101.359223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72383.749077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72197.070782                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34101.359223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72383.749077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72197.070782                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         523106                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               523106                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       528059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       528059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     82661000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36985534000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37068195000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     82661000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36985534000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37068195000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32101.359223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70383.749077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70197.070782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32101.359223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70383.749077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70197.070782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    529860                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             40                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               4509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           528059                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87811000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38036502000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38124313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       529953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         532568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.991533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34101.359223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72383.749077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72197.070782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       528059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     82661000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36985534000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37068195000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32101.359223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70383.749077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70197.070782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       525279                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       525279                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       525279                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       525279                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59584263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              414.830107                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1056663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               529860                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.994231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    42.468498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.979440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.382169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.082946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.433554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.293715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.810215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          319                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1588219                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1588219                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59584263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               532568                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              532568                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        525279                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1585185                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         5230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1590415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     67534848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       167360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67702208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            13075000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3158963000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2649765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59584263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59584263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59584263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  59584263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                62831717000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 101822                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34215004                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   165058                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    68.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              913948268                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11347320                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.062832                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 62831717000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1110564                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11347320                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1207414                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            40                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      980012                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260168                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9172075                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         62831717                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   62831717                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5935171                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5610821                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       986277                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        8343                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11461887                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11461887                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22575609                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9532557                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1207093                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2186718                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     979625                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 14978      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9126997     79.52%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   148321      1.29%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1207035     10.52%     91.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  979395      8.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11477396                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         2423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            6090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2423                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3667                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           6090                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       522962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        523908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          946                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       522962                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       523908                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56812000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32274514000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32331326000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56812000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32274514000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32331326000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       529998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       529998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.280795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.988509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.280795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.988509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60054.968288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61714.835877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61711.838720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60054.968288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61714.835877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61711.838720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       520445                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           520445                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       523908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       523908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54920000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31228590000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31283510000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54920000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31228590000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31283510000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.280795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.988509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.280795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.988509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58054.968288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59714.835877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59711.838720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58054.968288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59714.835877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59711.838720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                521652                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           6090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       522962                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       523908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56812000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32274514000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32331326000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       529998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.280795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.988509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60054.968288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61714.835877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61711.838720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       523908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54920000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31228590000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31283510000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.280795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.988509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58054.968288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59714.835877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59711.838720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       523926                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       523926                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       523926                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       523926                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62831717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1361.788824                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1053924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           524487                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.009438                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    39.713350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   443.029835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   879.045639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.004848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.054081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.107305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.166234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2835                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1052                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1707                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.346069                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1578411                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1578411                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62831717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9168661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9168661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9168661                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9168661                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           3414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               3414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          3414                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              3414                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    119681000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    119681000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    119681000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    119681000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9172075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9172075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9172075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9172075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35055.946104                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35055.946104                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35055.946104                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35055.946104                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          3414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112853000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    112853000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112853000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    112853000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33055.946104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33055.946104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33055.946104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33055.946104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       3159                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9168661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9168661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          3414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              3414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    119681000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    119681000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9172075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9172075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35055.946104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35055.946104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112853000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112853000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33055.946104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33055.946104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62831717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               225.421305                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9172075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  3414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               2686.606620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   225.421305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.880552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.880552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9175489                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9175489                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62831717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              523908                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             523908                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       520445                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1568261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1568261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1568261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66838592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66838592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66838592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3126133000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2771535000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62831717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           60544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33469568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33530112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        60544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          60544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33308480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33308480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           522962                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               523908                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        520445                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              520445                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             963590                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          532685873                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              533649462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        963590                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            963590                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       530122072                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             530122072                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       530122072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            963590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         532685873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1063771534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    520445.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       946.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    522936.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005185658500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32523                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32523                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1551162                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              488683                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       523908                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      520445                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     523908                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    520445                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      26                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5067839500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2619410000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14890627000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9673.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28423.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    452142                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   451922                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 523908                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                520445                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   523882                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32525                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       140240                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     476.579122                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    454.232737                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    102.088556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3022      2.15%      2.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6403      4.57%      6.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6123      4.37%     11.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3344      2.38%     13.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       121197     86.42%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           20      0.01%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           31      0.02%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           17      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           83      0.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        140240                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32523                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.105218                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.022476                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       7.319780                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           32509     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             8      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32523                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32523                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.001660                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001562                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.058661                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32495     99.91%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      0.02%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                20      0.06%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32523                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33528448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33307008                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33530112                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33308480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        533.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        530.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     533.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     530.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    62820223000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       60152.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        60544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33467904                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33307008                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 963589.774253662443                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 532659389.206250786781                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 530098644.288202464581                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          946                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       522962                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       520445                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     25284750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14865342250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1525398492500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26728.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28425.28                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2930950.42                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             500685360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             266120580                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1870894200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1359126180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4959530160.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       21285769920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6202520640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         36444647040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         580.035829                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15946848750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2097940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  44786928250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             500628240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             266090220                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1869623280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1357476660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4959530160.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       21121310100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6341013120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         36415671780                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         579.574672                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16308171500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2097940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  44425605500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62831717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62831717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62831717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1525278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1525278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1525286                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1525286                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         531865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             531865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        532061                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            532061                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41301159000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41301159000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41316184000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41316184000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2057143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2057143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2057347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2057347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.258545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.258545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.258615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.258615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77653.462815                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77653.462815                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77653.096168                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77653.096168                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          526327                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                526327                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       531865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        531865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       532061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       532061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40237429000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40237429000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40252062000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40252062000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.258545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.258545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.258615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.258615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75653.462815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75653.462815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75653.096168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75653.096168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     531805                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1198890                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1198890                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    175288000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    175288000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1207207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1207207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21075.868703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21075.868703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    158654000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    158654000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19075.868703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19075.868703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         326388                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             326388                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       523548                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           523548                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41125871000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  41125871000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       849936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         849936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.615985                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.615985                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78552.245448                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78552.245448                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       523548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40078775000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40078775000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.615985                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.615985                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76552.245448                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76552.245448                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15025000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     15025000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76658.163265                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76658.163265                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14633000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14633000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74658.163265                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74658.163265                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62831717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               166.998918                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2057347                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                532061                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  3.866750                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   166.998918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.652340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.652340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2589408                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2589408                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62831717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62831717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62831717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              45                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                5477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             45                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5432                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               5477                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          3369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        526629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            529998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           529998                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98717000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38074767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  38173484000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98717000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38074767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  38173484000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       532061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          535475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       532061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         535475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.989772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.989772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29301.573167                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72299.032146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72025.713305                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29301.573167                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72299.032146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72025.713305                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         523926                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               523926                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       529998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       529998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91979000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37021509000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37113488000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91979000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37021509000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37113488000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27301.573167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70299.032146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70025.713305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27301.573167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70299.032146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70025.713305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    532318                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             45                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               5477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           529998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98717000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38074767000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38173484000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       532061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         535475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.989772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29301.573167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72299.032146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72025.713305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       529998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91979000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37021509000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37113488000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27301.573167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70299.032146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70025.713305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       526327                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       526327                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       526327                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       526327                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62831717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              419.852327                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1061802                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               532830                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.992759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    47.252522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   212.251729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   160.348076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.092290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.414554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.313180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.820024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          365                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1594632                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1594632                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62831717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               535475                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              535475                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        526327                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1590449                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         6828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1597277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     67736832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       218496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67955328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            17070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3167110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2660305000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62831717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62831717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62831717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  62831717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
