
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3775872000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 168387                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34373648                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   293958                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     5.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              632008064                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1005967                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1756206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003776                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3775872000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            175664                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1005967                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1756206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      242818                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            40                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      109650                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            50                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1318966                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           197                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3775861                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3775861                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               790039                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              614436                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       125681                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 228755                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        228755                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               298240                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              191100                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       39256                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1632283                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1632283                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3379522                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1419325                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      242790                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        352409                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     109619                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 13820      0.79%      0.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1218945     69.41%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    11643      0.66%     70.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     73003      4.16%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     141      0.01%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       26      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    11254      0.64%     75.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      382      0.02%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    3927      0.22%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               23154      1.32%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                7810      0.44%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 224      0.01%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              39488      2.25%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   149285      8.50%     88.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   77448      4.41%     92.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               93505      5.32%     98.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              32171      1.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1756226                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          615                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1683                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2298                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2598                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1952                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4550                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    158000000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    114369000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    272369000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    158000000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    114369000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    272369000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         6848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         6848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.808590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.537001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.664428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.808590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.537001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.664428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60816.012317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58590.676230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59861.318681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60816.012317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58590.676230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59861.318681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          477                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              477                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1952                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    152804000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    110465000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    263269000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    152804000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    110465000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    263269000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.808590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.537001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.664428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.808590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.537001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.664428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58816.012317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56590.676230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57861.318681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58816.012317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56590.676230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57861.318681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2944                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    158000000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    114369000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    272369000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         6848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.808590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.537001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.664428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60816.012317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58590.676230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59861.318681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    152804000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    110465000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    263269000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.808590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.537001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.664428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58816.012317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56590.676230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57861.318681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3775872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1767.980064                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               4095                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2944                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.390965                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   207.148803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   681.030905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   879.800356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.101147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.332535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.429590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.863272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2001                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1998                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.977051                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            14018                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           14018                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3775872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1315265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1315265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1315265                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1315265                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           3701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               3701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          3701                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              3701                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    221285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    221285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    221285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    221285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1318966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1318966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1318966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1318966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59790.597136                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59790.597136                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59790.597136                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59790.597136                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          3701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    213883000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    213883000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    213883000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    213883000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57790.597136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57790.597136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57790.597136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57790.597136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       3445                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1315265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1315265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          3701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              3701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    221285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    221285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1318966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1318966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59790.597136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59790.597136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    213883000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    213883000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57790.597136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57790.597136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3775872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.384369                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  302775                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  3445                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 87.888244                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.384369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.981970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.981970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1322667                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1322667                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3775872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4550                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4550                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          477                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         9577                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         9577                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   9577                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       321728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       321728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  321728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           24229500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3775872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          166272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          124928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              291200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       166272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         166272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        30528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            30528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2598                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1952                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           477                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 477                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           44035391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           33085867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               77121258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      44035391                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          44035391                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         8085020                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               8085020                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         8085020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          44035391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          33085867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              85206278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       473.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2598.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1943.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001220681750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            27                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            27                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                10508                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 422                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4550                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         477                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4550                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       477                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       9                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      35685750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    22705000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                120829500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7858.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26608.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3447                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      371                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  75.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4550                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   477                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4541                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1172                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     272.491468                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    180.316827                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    275.354964                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           312     26.62%     26.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          443     37.80%     64.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          148     12.63%     77.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           64      5.46%     82.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           45      3.84%     86.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           39      3.33%     89.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           28      2.39%     92.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           20      1.71%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           73      6.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1172                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      167.481481                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      71.181934                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     322.359018                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              15     55.56%     55.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             6     22.22%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            2      7.41%     85.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      3.70%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      3.70%     92.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            1      3.70%     96.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      3.70%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.629630                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.605480                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.926040                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                18     66.67%     66.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      3.70%     70.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 8     29.63%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  290624                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    28736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   291200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 30528                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         76.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          7.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      77.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       8.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3730464000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      742085.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       166272                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       124352                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        28736                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 44035391.030204415321                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 32933319.773551646620                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 7610427.472117698751                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2598                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1952                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          477                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     71382500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     49447000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  26795591750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27475.94                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25331.45                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  56175244.76                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     76.15                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               3755640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1996170                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             15243900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              746460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      297485760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         432204780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1085973120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1837405830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         486.617616                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2818759000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    125840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    831273000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4612440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2451570                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             17178840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1597320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      297485760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         463875690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1059302880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1846504500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         489.027303                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2748427000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    125840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    901605000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3775872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3775872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3775872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           345727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               345727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          345783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              345783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6665                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6665                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    224028000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    224028000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    225001000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    225001000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       352375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           352375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       352448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          352448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.018866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.018911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33698.555957                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33698.555957                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33758.589647                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33758.589647                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3521                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3521                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    210734000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    210734000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    211673000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    211673000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31698.856799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31698.856799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31758.889722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31758.889722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6408                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          239407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              239407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          3338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              3338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     75028000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75028000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       242745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          242745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22476.932295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22476.932295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68352000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68352000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20476.932295                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20476.932295                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         106320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             106320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    149000000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    149000000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       109630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         109630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45015.105740                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45015.105740                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    142382000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    142382000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030192                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030192                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43015.709970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43015.709970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            56                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                56                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       973000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       973000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           73                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            73                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.232877                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.232877                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57235.294118                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57235.294118                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       939000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       939000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.232877                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232877                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55235.294118                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55235.294118                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3775872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               249.005890                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  266173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6408                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.537609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   249.005890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.972679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.972679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                359112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               359112                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3775872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3775872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3775872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                3517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            488                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3029                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               3517                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          3213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              6849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             6849                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    194573000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    157720000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    352293000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    194573000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    157720000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    352293000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           10366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          10366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.660718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.660718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60558.045440                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43377.337734                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51437.144109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60558.045440                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43377.337734                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51437.144109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    188147000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    150450000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    338597000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    188147000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    150450000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    338597000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58558.045440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41377.887789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49437.436122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58558.045440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41377.887789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49437.436122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      8236                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               3517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             6849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    194573000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    157720000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    352293000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          10366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.660718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60558.045440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43377.337734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51437.144109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    188147000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    150450000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    338597000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58558.045440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41377.887789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49437.436122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3775872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              499.007633                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  11218                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 8236                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.362069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   109.840483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    87.965497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   301.201653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.214532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.171808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.588284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.974624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                22635                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               22635                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3775872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                10366                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               10365                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3521                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        16850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         7402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   24252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       651840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       236864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   888704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            18505000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             27971000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            33320000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3775872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3775872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3775872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3775872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7646839000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 134301                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34400308                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   247403                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    14.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              512045946                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2005601                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3694675                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007647                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7646839000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            418358                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2005601                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3694675                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      448446                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            69                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      218980                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            73                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2594285                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           353                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7646828                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7646828                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2001511                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1301919                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       310647                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 272041                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        272041                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               357051                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              226164                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       78203                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3541298                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3541298                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7032186                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2982030                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      447966                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        666797                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     218831                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 21798      0.59%      0.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2802346     75.85%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    12786      0.35%     76.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81041      2.19%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     474      0.01%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      146      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    14328      0.39%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.01%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4812      0.13%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   10968      0.30%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               25788      0.70%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                9641      0.26%     80.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 236      0.01%     80.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              43167      1.17%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   339209      9.18%     91.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  184003      4.98%     96.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              108757      2.94%     99.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              34828      0.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3694706                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    24                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         4719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            8026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4719                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3307                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           8026                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         6955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         10230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6955                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3275                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        10230                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    448346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    198585000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    646931000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    448346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    198585000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    646931000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        11674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        18256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        11674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        18256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.595768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.560364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.595768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.560364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.838965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60636.641221                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63238.611926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.838965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60636.641221                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63238.611926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2156                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2156                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        10230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        10230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    434436000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    192035000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    626471000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    434436000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    192035000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    626471000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.595768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.595768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62463.838965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58636.641221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61238.611926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62463.838965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58636.641221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61238.611926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  9450                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           8026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6955                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        10230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    448346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    198585000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    646931000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        11674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        18256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.595768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.560364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.838965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60636.641221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63238.611926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    434436000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    192035000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    626471000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.595768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62463.838965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58636.641221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61238.611926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4766                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4766                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4766                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4766                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7646839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1904.174330                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              16792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             9450                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.776931                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   207.611854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   803.008761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   893.553716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.101373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.392094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.436306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.929773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2046                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1824                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            34518                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           34518                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7646839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2578337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2578337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2578337                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2578337                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          15948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              15948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         15948                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             15948                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    720695000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    720695000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    720695000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    720695000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2594285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2594285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2594285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2594285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.006147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.006147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45190.305994                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45190.305994                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45190.305994                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45190.305994                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    688801000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    688801000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    688801000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    688801000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43190.431402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43190.431402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43190.431402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43190.431402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      15691                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2578337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2578337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         15948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             15948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    720695000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    720695000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2594285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2594285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45190.305994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45190.305994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    688801000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    688801000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43190.431402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43190.431402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7646839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.720884                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2452660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 15691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                156.309987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.720884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2610232                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2610232                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7646839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10230                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10230                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2156                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        22616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        22616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  22616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       792704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       792704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  792704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            21010000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           55019500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7646839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          445120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          209600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              654720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       445120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         445120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       137984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           137984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6955                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10230                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2156                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2156                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           58209673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           27410019                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               85619692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      58209673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          58209673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        18044580                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              18044580                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        18044580                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          58209673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          27410019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             103664272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1879.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6955.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3184.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005735414250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           108                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           108                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                24340                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1740                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10230                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2156                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10230                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2156                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      91                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    277                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 86                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 94                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     116271000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    50695000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                306377250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11467.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30217.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6333                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1450                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 77.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10230                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2156                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    10138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4203                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     182.513443                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    127.851356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    197.571467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1880     44.73%     44.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1421     33.81%     78.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          420      9.99%     88.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          164      3.90%     92.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           85      2.02%     94.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           72      1.71%     96.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           45      1.07%     97.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           31      0.74%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           85      2.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4203                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          108                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       92.648148                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      53.543289                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     185.193928                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              72     66.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            22     20.37%     87.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            7      6.48%     93.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            3      2.78%     96.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.93%     97.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            2      1.85%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.93%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            108                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          108                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.101852                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.071958                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.013367                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                48     44.44%     44.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      2.78%     47.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                55     50.93%     98.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      1.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            108                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  648896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     5824                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   118208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   654720                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                137984                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         84.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         15.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      85.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      18.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7620452000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      615247.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       445120                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       203776                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       118208                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 58209673.304224140942                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 26648396.808145169169                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 15458413.600704815239                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6955                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3275                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2156                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    216071250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     90306000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 171279531000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31067.04                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27574.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  79443196.20                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              14908320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7923960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             34793220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             4964220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      603576480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1408968180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1749887040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3825021420                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         500.209488                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4528206750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    255320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2863312250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              15101100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               8026425                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             37599240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             4677120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      603576480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1479200160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1690744320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3838924845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         502.027680                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4376720250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    255320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3014798750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7646839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7646839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7646839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           652936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               652936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          653219                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              653219                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         14176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             14176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    428338000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    428338000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    431247000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    431247000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       667000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           667000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       667395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          667395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30456.342435                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30456.342435                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30420.922686                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30420.922686                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7084                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7084                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    400210000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    400210000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    402895000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    402895000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28456.342435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28456.342435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28420.922686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28420.922686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      13920                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          439684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              439684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    199189000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    199189000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       448051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          448051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23806.501733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23806.501733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    182455000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    182455000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21806.501733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21806.501733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         213252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             213252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5697                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5697                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    229149000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    229149000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       218949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         218949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.026020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40222.748815                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40222.748815                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    217755000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    217755000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38222.748815                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38222.748815                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           283                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               283                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          112                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             112                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      2909000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      2909000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          395                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           395                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.283544                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.283544                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25973.214286                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25973.214286                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          112                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          112                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      2685000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2685000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.283544                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283544                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23973.214286                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23973.214286                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7646839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.546434                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  641150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 13920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 46.059626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.546434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.986510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.986510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                681571                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               681571                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7646839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7646839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7646839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            4273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               11867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           4273                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7594                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              11867                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         11675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18257                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    586198000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    277601000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    863799000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    586198000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    277601000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    863799000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           30124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          30124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.606062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.606062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50209.678801                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42175.782437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47313.304486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50209.678801                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42175.782437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47313.304486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4766                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4766                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    562850000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264437000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    827287000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    562850000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264437000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    827287000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48209.850107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40175.782437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45313.414033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48209.850107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40175.782437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45313.414033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     21520                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           4273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              11867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    586198000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    277601000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    863799000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          30124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.606062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50209.678801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42175.782437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47313.304486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    562850000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264437000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    827287000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48209.850107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40175.782437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45313.414033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7646839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.584602                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  34798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                21520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.617007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    92.056523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   170.807730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   242.720349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.179798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.333609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.474063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                59240                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               59240                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7646839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                30124                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               30123                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7084                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        35436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        31895                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   67331                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1360640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1020608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2381248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            79735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             65544000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            70880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7646839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7646839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7646839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7646839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11659023000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  88925                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34418380                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   167443                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    33.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              345586285                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000028                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5649001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011659                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11659023000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            664460                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000028                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5649001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      697620                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            87                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      342414                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3884533                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           496                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11659012                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11659012                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3254303                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1920834                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       492688                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 294691                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        294691                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               386572                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              244092                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      123353                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5479530                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5479530                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10799401                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4546091                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      696568                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1038730                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     342162                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 27846      0.49%      0.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4364601     77.26%     77.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    12970      0.23%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81801      1.45%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     634      0.01%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      258      0.00%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    16254      0.29%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.01%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     8906      0.16%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   15855      0.28%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               26705      0.47%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                9727      0.17%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 243      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              44129      0.78%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   579445     10.26%     91.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  306652      5.43%     97.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              117123      2.07%     99.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              35510      0.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5649037                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   246                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        10283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           15400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10283                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5117                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          15400                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        11070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         15646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        11070                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4576                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        15646                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    721681000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    279042000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1000723000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    721681000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    279042000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1000723000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        31046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        31046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.518428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.472093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.503962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.518428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.472093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.503962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65192.502258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60979.458042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63960.309344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65192.502258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60979.458042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63960.309344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3064                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3064                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        15646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        15646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    699541000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    269890000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    969431000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    699541000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    269890000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    969431000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.518428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.472093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.503962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.518428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.472093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.503962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63192.502258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58979.458042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61960.309344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63192.502258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58979.458042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61960.309344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 15464                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          15400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        11070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        15646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    721681000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    279042000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1000723000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        31046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.518428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.472093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.503962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65192.502258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60979.458042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63960.309344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    699541000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    269890000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    969431000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.518428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.472093                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.503962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63192.502258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58979.458042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61960.309344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6123                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6123                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6123                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6123                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11659023000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1953.248536                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              29391                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            15464                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.900608                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   199.489445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   873.540341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   880.218749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.097407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.426533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.429794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.953735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2047                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1691                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999512                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            54680                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           54680                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11659023000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3854307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3854307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3854307                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3854307                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          30226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              30226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         30226                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             30226                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1238810000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1238810000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1238810000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1238810000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3884533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3884533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3884533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3884533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40984.913650                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40984.913650                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40984.913650                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40984.913650                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         30226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1178358000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1178358000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1178358000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1178358000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38984.913650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38984.913650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38984.913650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38984.913650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      29970                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3854307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3854307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         30226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             30226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1238810000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1238810000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3884533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3884533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40984.913650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40984.913650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1178358000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1178358000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38984.913650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38984.913650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11659023000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.505190                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3584451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 29970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                119.601301                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.505190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3914759                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3914759                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11659023000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               15646                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              15646                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3064                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        34356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        34356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  34356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1197440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1197440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1197440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            30966000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           84340750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11659023000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          708480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          292864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1001344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       708480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         708480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       196096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           196096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            11070                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                15646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3064                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3064                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           60766670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           25119086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               85885756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      60766670                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          60766670                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        16819248                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              16819248                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        16819248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          60766670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          25119086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             102705004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2568.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     11070.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4383.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005735414250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           148                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           148                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                36889                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2392                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        15646                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3064                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      15646                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3064                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     193                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    496                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     190472750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    77265000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                480216500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12325.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31075.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9048                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1992                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  58.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 77.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  15646                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3064                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    15445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6951                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     165.630269                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    118.012916                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    179.446416                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3504     50.41%     50.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2101     30.23%     80.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          682      9.81%     90.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          250      3.60%     94.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          123      1.77%     95.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           94      1.35%     97.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           58      0.83%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           39      0.56%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          100      1.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6951                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          148                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      101.094595                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      62.127877                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     168.730729                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              86     58.11%     58.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            37     25.00%     83.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           12      8.11%     91.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            4      2.70%     93.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.68%     94.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            2      1.35%     95.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.68%     96.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.68%     97.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.68%     97.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            2      1.35%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.68%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            148                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          148                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.155405                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.126076                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.001447                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                62     41.89%     41.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      2.03%     43.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                81     54.73%     98.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      1.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            148                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  988992                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    12352                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   162496                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1001344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                196096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         84.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         13.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      85.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      16.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11658541000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      623118.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       708480                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       280512                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       162496                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 60766669.728672809899                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 24059648.908832240850                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 13937359.931445371360                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        11070                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4576                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3064                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    351854500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    128362000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 257061499000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31784.51                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28051.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  83897356.07                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              18621120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               9897360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             41283480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             5867280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      920116080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2010448710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2784055680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5790289710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         496.635928                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7210183500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    389220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4059619500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              31016160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              16481685                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             69050940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             7386300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      920116080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2830266600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2093682720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5968000485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         511.878267                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5406107500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    389220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5863695500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11659023000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11659023000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11659023000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1019076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1019076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1019849                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1019849                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          19997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              19997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         20149                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             20149                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    607444000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    607444000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    611189000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    611189000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1039073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1039073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1039998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1039998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.019245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.019374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30376.756513                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30376.756513                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30333.465681                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30333.465681                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9135                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9135                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    567452000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    567452000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    570893000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    570893000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28376.856528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28376.856528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28333.564941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28333.564941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      19892                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          683540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              683540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         13155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             13155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    338120000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    338120000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       696695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          696695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25702.774610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25702.774610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    311812000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    311812000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23702.926644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23702.926644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         335536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             335536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6842                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6842                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    269324000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    269324000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       342378                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         342378                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019984                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019984                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39363.344051                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39363.344051                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6842                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6842                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    255640000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    255640000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019984                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019984                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37363.344051                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37363.344051                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           773                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               773                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          152                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             152                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3745000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      3745000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          925                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           925                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164324                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.164324                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24638.157895                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24638.157895                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          152                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3441000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3441000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164324                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164324                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22638.157895                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22638.157895                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11659023000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.734899                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  997705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 19892                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 50.156093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.734899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1060146                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1060146                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11659023000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11659023000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11659023000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            8873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               19328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           8873                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10455                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              19328                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         21353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          9694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             31047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            31047                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    977130000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    395899000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1373029000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    977130000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    395899000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1373029000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           50375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          50375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.616318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.616318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45760.783028                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40839.591500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44224.208458                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45760.783028                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40839.591500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44224.208458                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6123                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6123                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        31047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    934424000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    376513000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1310937000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    934424000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    376513000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1310937000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43760.783028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38839.797813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42224.272877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43760.783028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38839.797813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42224.272877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     35462                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           8873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              19328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            31047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    977130000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    395899000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1373029000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          50375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.616318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45760.783028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40839.591500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44224.208458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    934424000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    376513000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1310937000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43760.783028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38839.797813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42224.272877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11659023000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.792313                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  57120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                35462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.610738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    87.891685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   202.532001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   217.368627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.171663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.395570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.424548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                95484                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               95484                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11659023000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                50375                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               50374                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9135                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        49432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        60452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  109884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1874112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1934464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3808576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           151130000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             96050000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           100740000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11659023000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11659023000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11659023000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11659023000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                16025879000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  92023                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34434972                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   174213                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    43.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              368638353                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000516                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7573561                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.016026                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16025879000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            871801                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000516                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7573561                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      972944                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           114                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      532081                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5195831                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           716                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         16025868                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   16025868                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4243909                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2453326                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       635539                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 316759                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        316759                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               422078                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              261358                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      174590                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7388144                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7388144                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14673888                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6054022                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      971651                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1503386                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     531735                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 31569      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5807383     76.68%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    13871      0.18%     77.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81815      1.08%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     737      0.01%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.02%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    19140      0.25%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11530      0.15%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   18195      0.24%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               28324      0.37%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  18      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                9762      0.13%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 251      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              45971      0.61%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  6      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   849194     11.21%     91.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  493154      6.51%     97.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              122457      1.62%     99.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              38581      0.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7573598                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   316                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           27557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19756                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7801                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          27557                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        15932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         21280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        15932                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5348                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        21280                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1036309000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327362000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1363671000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1036309000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327362000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1363671000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        35688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        48837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        35688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        48837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.446425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.406723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.435735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.446425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.406723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.435735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65045.756967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61212.041885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64082.283835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65045.756967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61212.041885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64082.283835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         4077                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             4077                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        21280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        21280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1004445000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    316666000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1321111000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1004445000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    316666000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1321111000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.446425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.406723                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.435735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.446425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.406723                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.435735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63045.756967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59212.041885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62082.283835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63045.756967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59212.041885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62082.283835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 21618                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          27557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        15932                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        21280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1036309000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327362000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1363671000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        35688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        48837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.446425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.406723                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.435735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65045.756967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61212.041885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64082.283835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1004445000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    316666000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1321111000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.446425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.406723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.435735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63045.756967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59212.041885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62082.283835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7876                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7876                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7876                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7876                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16025879000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1978.794663                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              48139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            21618                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.226802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   202.895588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   924.452613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   851.446462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.099070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.451393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.415745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.966208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2047                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          964                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          516                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          315                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999512                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            80378                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           80378                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16025879000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5144983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5144983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5144983                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5144983                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          50848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              50848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         50848                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             50848                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1910511000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1910511000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1910511000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1910511000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5195831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5195831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5195831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5195831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.009786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.009786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37572.982222                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37572.982222                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37572.982222                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37572.982222                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        50848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         50848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        50848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1808815000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1808815000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1808815000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1808815000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35572.982222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35572.982222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35572.982222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35572.982222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      50592                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5144983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5144983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         50848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             50848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1910511000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1910511000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5195831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5195831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.009786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37572.982222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37572.982222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        50848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1808815000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1808815000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35572.982222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35572.982222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16025879000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.912507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5175135                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 50592                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                102.291568                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.912507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5246679                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5246679                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16025879000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               21280                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              21280                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4077                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        46637                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        46637                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  46637                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1622848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1622848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1622848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            41665000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          114722750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16025879000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1019648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          342272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1361920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1019648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1019648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       260928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           260928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            15932                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5348                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                21280                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4077                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4077                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           63625090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           21357456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               84982546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      63625090                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          63625090                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        16281665                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              16281665                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        16281665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          63625090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          21357456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             101264211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3532.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     15932.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5107.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005735414250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           204                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           204                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                50160                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3308                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        21280                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4077                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      21280                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4077                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     241                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    545                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     261029250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   105195000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                655510500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12406.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31156.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     12172                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2730                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  57.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 77.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  21280                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4077                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    21031                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         9640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     162.934440                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    116.831532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    177.465252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4783     49.62%     49.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3084     31.99%     81.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          882      9.15%     90.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          321      3.33%     94.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          172      1.78%     95.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          133      1.38%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           78      0.81%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           54      0.56%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          133      1.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          9640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          204                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      102.843137                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      61.180983                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     186.755194                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             125     61.27%     61.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            48     23.53%     84.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           14      6.86%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            4      1.96%     93.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      0.98%     94.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            3      1.47%     96.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.49%     96.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.49%     97.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.49%     97.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            2      0.98%     98.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      0.49%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      0.98%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            204                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          204                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.171569                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.143110                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.985099                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                82     40.20%     40.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 7      3.43%     43.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               113     55.39%     99.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.98%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            204                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1346496                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    15424                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   224192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1361920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                260928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         84.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         13.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      84.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      16.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    16023885000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      631931.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1019648                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       326848                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       224192                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 63625090.392857700586                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 20395012.342224724591                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 13989373.063405757770                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        15932                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5348                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4077                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    504114500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    151396000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 361302167750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31641.63                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28308.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  88619614.36                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              22448160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              11931480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             50308440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             8137980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1264929120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2442272160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4097287680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7897315020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         492.785140                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10619949250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    535080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4870849750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              46381440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              24652320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             99910020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            10147680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1264929120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4320851370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2515326240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8282198190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         516.801493                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6484957500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    535080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9005841500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16025879000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16025879000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16025879000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1477161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1477161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1478019                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1478019                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          26805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              26805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         26969                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             26969                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    769921000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    769921000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    774145000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    774145000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1503966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1503966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1504988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1504988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28723.036747                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28723.036747                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28704.994623                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28704.994623                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           11926                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 11926                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         26805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    716313000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    716313000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    720209000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    720209000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26723.111360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26723.111360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26705.068783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26705.068783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      26712                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          952852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              952852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    468275000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    468275000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       971922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          971922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24555.584688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24555.584688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    430137000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    430137000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22555.689565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22555.689565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         524309                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             524309                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7735                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7735                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    301646000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    301646000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       532044                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         532044                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014538                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.014538                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38997.543633                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38997.543633                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    286176000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    286176000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014538                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014538                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36997.543633                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36997.543633                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           858                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               858                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          164                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             164                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      4224000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      4224000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1022                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1022                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.160470                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.160470                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25756.097561                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25756.097561                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          164                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          164                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3896000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3896000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.160470                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160470                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23756.097561                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23756.097561                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16025879000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.352111                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1321569                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 26712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 49.474730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.352111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1531956                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1531956                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16025879000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16025879000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16025879000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           15160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               28979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          15160                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13819                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              28979                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         35688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             48838                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        35688                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13150                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            48838                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1468389000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    487603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1955992000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1468389000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    487603000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1955992000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        50848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        26969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           77817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        50848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        26969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          77817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.627601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.627601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41145.174849                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37080.076046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40050.616323                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41145.174849                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37080.076046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40050.616323                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7876                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7876                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1397013000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    461305000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1858318000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1397013000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    461305000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1858318000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39145.174849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35080.228137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38050.657275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39145.174849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35080.228137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38050.657275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     54479                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          15160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              28979                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        35688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            48838                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1468389000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    487603000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1955992000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        50848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        26969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          77817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.627601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41145.174849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37080.076046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40050.616323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1397013000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    461305000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1858318000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39145.174849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35080.228137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38050.657275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11926                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11926                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11926                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11926                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16025879000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.938857                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  88891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                54479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.631656                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    83.944646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   222.565340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   202.428870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.163954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.434698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.395369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               144734                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              144734                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16025879000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                77817                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               77816                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         11926                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        65863                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       101696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  167559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2489216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3254272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5743488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           254240000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            137447000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           134840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16025879000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16025879000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16025879000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  16025879000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                20806396000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  96014                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34446640                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   179511                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    52.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              399533759                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000070                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9348323                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.020806                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 20806396000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1057094                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000070                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9348323                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1236455                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           123                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      685207                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6535677                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1479                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         20806385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   20806385                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5186480                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2991822                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       765699                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 389390                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        389390                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               552091                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              323565                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      214659                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9112691                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9112691                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18192650                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7429633                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1235163                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1919985                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     684822                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 32835      0.35%      0.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7125515     76.22%     76.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17352      0.19%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     82214      0.88%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2241      0.02%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.01%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    22346      0.24%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     77.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11550      0.12%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   20641      0.22%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               43801      0.47%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  90      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               10558      0.11%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 374      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              57164      0.61%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 54      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1098184     11.75%     91.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  636874      6.81%     98.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              136979      1.47%     99.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              47948      0.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9348360                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   316                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        30250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        10819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           41069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        30250                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        10819                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          41069                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        25896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         32896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        25896                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7000                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        32896                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1646365000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    420633000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2066998000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1646365000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    420633000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2066998000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        56146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        17819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        73965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        56146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        17819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        73965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.461226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.392839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.444751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.461226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.392839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.444751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63576.034909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60090.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62834.326362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63576.034909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60090.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62834.326362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         5920                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             5920                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        25896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        32896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        25896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        32896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1594573000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    406633000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2001206000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1594573000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    406633000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2001206000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.461226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.392839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.461226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.392839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61576.034909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58090.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60834.326362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61576.034909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58090.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60834.326362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 34553                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        30250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        10819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          41069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        25896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7000                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        32896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1646365000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    420633000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2066998000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        56146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        17819                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        73965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.461226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.392839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.444751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63576.034909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60090.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62834.326362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        25896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1594573000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    406633000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2001206000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.461226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.392839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61576.034909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58090.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60834.326362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11696                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11696                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11696                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11696                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20806396000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1994.690523                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              73009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            34553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.112957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   200.654053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1046.816812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   747.219658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.097976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.511141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.364853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.973970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          554                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          909                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           122262                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          122262                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20806396000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6460031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6460031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6460031                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6460031                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          75646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              75646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         75646                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             75646                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2954950000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2954950000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2954950000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2954950000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6535677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6535677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6535677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6535677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39062.871798                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39062.871798                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39062.871798                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39062.871798                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         75646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2803660000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2803660000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2803660000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2803660000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37062.898237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37062.898237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37062.898237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37062.898237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      75389                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6460031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6460031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         75646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             75646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2954950000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2954950000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6535677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6535677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39062.871798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39062.871798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        75646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2803660000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2803660000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37062.898237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37062.898237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20806396000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.162372                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6517773                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 75389                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 86.455226                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.162372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6611322                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6611322                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20806396000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               32896                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              32896                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        71712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        71712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  71712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2484224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2484224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2484224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            62496000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          176698500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20806396000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1657344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          448000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2105344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1657344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1657344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       378880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           378880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            25896                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7000                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                32896                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5920                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5920                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           79655506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           21531840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              101187346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      79655506                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          79655506                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        18209785                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              18209785                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        18209785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          79655506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          21531840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             119397132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5234.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     25896.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6408.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005735414250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           303                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           303                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                75705                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4914                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        32896                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5920                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      32896                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5920                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     592                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    686                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               3021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               3901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               3781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               3940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.77                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     369423750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   161520000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                975123750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11435.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30185.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     19973                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4125                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  61.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  32896                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5920                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    32296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        13409                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     179.003356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    125.421843                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    192.007982                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6205     46.27%     46.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4240     31.62%     77.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1354     10.10%     87.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          586      4.37%     92.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          351      2.62%     94.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          236      1.76%     96.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          128      0.95%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           95      0.71%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          214      1.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         13409                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          303                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      106.217822                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      70.437548                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     157.679191                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             147     48.51%     48.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            91     30.03%     78.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           35     11.55%     90.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           14      4.62%     94.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            3      0.99%     95.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            5      1.65%     97.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.33%     97.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.33%     98.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.33%     98.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            2      0.66%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      0.33%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      0.66%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            303                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          303                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.178218                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.149427                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.990645                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               121     39.93%     39.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                12      3.96%     43.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               165     54.46%     98.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      1.65%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            303                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2067456                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    37888                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   333120                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2105344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                378880                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         99.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         16.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     101.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      18.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    20805733000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      536009.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1657344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       410112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       333120                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 79655505.931925922632                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 19710861.986862115562                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 16010461.398504573852                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        25896                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7000                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5920                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    781996500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    193127250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 475881118750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30197.58                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27589.61                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  80385324.11                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              29195460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              15517755                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             71428560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             9651780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1642318080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3461108400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5075038560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10304258595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         495.244760                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13151537750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    694720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6960138250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              66559080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              35369400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            159222000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            17518320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1642318080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6030342360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2911473120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10862802360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         522.089571                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7497526750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    694720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12614149250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20806396000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20806396000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20806396000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1884568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1884568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1885610                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1885610                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          35804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              35804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         36015                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             36015                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1013050000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1013050000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1018561000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1018561000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1920372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1920372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1921625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1921625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.018644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.018742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28294.324656                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28294.324656                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28281.577121                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28281.577121                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           16492                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 16492                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         35804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    941442000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    941442000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    946531000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    946531000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26294.324656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26294.324656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26281.577121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26281.577121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      35759                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1209487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1209487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         25715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             25715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    638971000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    638971000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1235202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1235202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.020818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24848.181995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24848.181995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    587541000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    587541000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22848.181995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22848.181995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         675081                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             675081                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    374079000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    374079000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       685170                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         685170                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014725                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.014725                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37077.906631                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37077.906631                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10089                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10089                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    353901000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    353901000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014725                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014725                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35077.906631                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35077.906631                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1042                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1042                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          211                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             211                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5511000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5511000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1253                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1253                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.168396                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.168396                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26118.483412                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26118.483412                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          211                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5089000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5089000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.168396                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168396                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24118.483412                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24118.483412                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20806396000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.730733                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1875822                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 35759                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 52.457339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.730733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1957640                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1957640                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20806396000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20806396000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20806396000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           19499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               37695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          19499                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          18196                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              37695                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         56147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         17819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             73966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        56147                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        17819                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            73966                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2324471000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    638280000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2962751000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2324471000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    638280000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2962751000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        75646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        36015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          111661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        75646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        36015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         111661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.662416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.662416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41399.736406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35820.191930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40055.579591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41399.736406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35820.191930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40055.579591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11696                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11696                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2212179000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    602642000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2814821000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2212179000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    602642000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2814821000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39399.772027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33820.191930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38055.606630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39399.772027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33820.191930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38055.606630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     82986                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          19499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          18196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              37695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        56147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        17819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            73966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2324471000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    638280000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2962751000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        75646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        36015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         111661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.662416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41399.736406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35820.191930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40055.579591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        73966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2212179000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    602642000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2814821000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39399.772027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33820.191930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38055.606630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16492                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16492                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16492                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16492                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20806396000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.642191                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 127422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                82986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.535464                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    77.634338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   264.149031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   167.858822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.151630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.515916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.327849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               211651                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              211651                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20806396000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               111661                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              111660                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         16492                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        88522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       151291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  239813                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3360448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4841280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8201728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           378225000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            194121000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           180075000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20806396000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20806396000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20806396000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  20806396000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25580313000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 105643                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34448308                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   196217                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    56.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              450382977                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000177                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11144511                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025580                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25580313000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1247520                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000177                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11144511                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1499731                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           123                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      840356                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7875270                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          2162                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25580302                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25580302                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6149866                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3534864                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       899768                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 453624                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        453624                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               666884                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              379012                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      255144                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10863772                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10863772                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21753264                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8826700                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1498439                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2338396                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     839957                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 34067      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8466876     75.97%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20820      0.19%     76.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     82802      0.74%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3746      0.03%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.01%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    25164      0.23%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11568      0.10%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   23219      0.21%     77.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     77.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               57703      0.52%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 138      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               11347      0.10%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 549      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              66413      0.60%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                100      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1348658     12.10%     91.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  784301      7.04%     98.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              149781      1.34%     99.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              55656      0.50%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11144548                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   316                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        40584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        14719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           55303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        40584                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        14719                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          55303                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        35250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         8586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         43836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        35250                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8586                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        43836                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2222182000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    514501000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2736683000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2222182000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    514501000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2736683000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        75834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        99139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        75834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        99139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.464831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.368419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.442167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.464831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.368419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.442167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63040.624113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59923.247147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62430.034675                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63040.624113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59923.247147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62430.034675                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         7713                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             7713                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        43836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        43836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2151682000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    497329000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2649011000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2151682000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    497329000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2649011000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.464831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.368419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.464831                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.368419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61040.624113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57923.247147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60430.034675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61040.624113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57923.247147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60430.034675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 46822                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        40584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        14719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          55303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        35250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8586                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        43836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2222182000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    514501000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2736683000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        75834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        99139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.464831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.368419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.442167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63040.624113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59923.247147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62430.034675                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2151682000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    497329000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2649011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.464831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.368419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61040.624113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57923.247147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60430.034675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16183                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16183                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16183                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16183                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25580313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2004.639386                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              99688                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            46822                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.129085                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   192.960339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1147.278834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   664.400213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.094219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.560195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.324414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.978828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          548                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          816                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           164192                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          164192                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25580313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7775329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7775329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7775329                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7775329                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          99941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              99941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         99941                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             99941                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3955722000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3955722000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3955722000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3955722000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7875270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7875270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7875270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7875270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39580.572538                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39580.572538                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39580.572538                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39580.572538                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         99941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3755842000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3755842000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3755842000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3755842000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37580.592550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37580.592550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37580.592550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37580.592550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      99684                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7775329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7775329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         99941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             99941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3955722000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3955722000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7875270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7875270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39580.572538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39580.572538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        99941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3755842000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3755842000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37580.592550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37580.592550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25580313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.318694                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7845858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 99684                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 78.707295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.318694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7975210                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7975210                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25580313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               43836                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              43836                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7713                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        95385                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        95385                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  95385                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3299136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3299136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3299136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            82401000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          235156250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25580313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         2256000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          549504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2805504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      2256000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        2256000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       493632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           493632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            35250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             8586                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                43836                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          7713                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                7713                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           88192822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           21481520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              109674342                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      88192822                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          88192822                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        19297340                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              19297340                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        19297340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          88192822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          21481520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             128971682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      6876.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     35250.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7753.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005735414250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           398                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           398                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               100077                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                6471                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        43836                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        7713                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      43836                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      7713                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     833                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    837                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               4315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               4959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               5362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               5567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     476134750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   215015000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1282441000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11072.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29822.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     27199                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     5491                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  63.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 79.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  43836                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  7713                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    42995                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        17165                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     185.877775                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    129.331288                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    197.618365                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7677     44.72%     44.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5426     31.61%     76.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1826     10.64%     86.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          811      4.72%     91.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          497      2.90%     94.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          317      1.85%     96.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          185      1.08%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          141      0.82%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          285      1.66%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         17165                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          398                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      107.932161                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      74.703710                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     143.328700                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             176     44.22%     44.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           121     30.40%     74.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           59     14.82%     89.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           22      5.53%     94.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      1.51%     96.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            5      1.26%     97.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.25%     97.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.25%     98.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            2      0.50%     98.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            2      0.50%     99.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      0.25%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      0.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            398                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          398                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.218593                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.189898                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.988578                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               152     38.19%     38.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                15      3.77%     41.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               223     56.03%     97.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 8      2.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            398                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2752192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    53312                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   438592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2805504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                493632                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        107.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         17.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     109.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      19.30                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25578910000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      496205.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      2256000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       496192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       438592                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 88192822.347404420376                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 19397417.068352524191                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 17145685.433950711042                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        35250                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         8586                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         7713                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1045936000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    236505000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 592675363500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29671.94                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27545.42                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  76841094.71                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.54                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              35314440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              18770070                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             89135760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10471320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2019092400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4424697390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6096779520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12694260900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         496.251195                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15797599500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    854100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8928613500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              87250800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              46371105                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            217905660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            25301340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2019092400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7759523430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3288504960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13443949695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         525.558452                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8460325750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    854100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16265887250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25580313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25580313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25580313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2291490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2291490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2292721                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2292721                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          47086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              47086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         47329                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             47329                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1294644000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1294644000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1301019000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1301019000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2338576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2338576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2340050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2340050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.020134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.020226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27495.306461                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27495.306461                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27488.833485                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27488.833485                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           22113                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 22113                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         47086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47329                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47329                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1200472000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1200472000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1206361000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1206361000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25495.306461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25495.306461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25488.833485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25488.833485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      47073                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1464294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1464294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         33963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             33963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    834918000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    834918000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1498257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1498257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.022668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24583.164031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24583.164031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        33963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    766992000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    766992000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22583.164031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22583.164031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         827196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             827196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        13123                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            13123                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    459726000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    459726000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       840319                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         840319                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015617                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015617                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35032.081079                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35032.081079                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    433480000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    433480000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015617                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015617                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33032.081079                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33032.081079                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1231                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1231                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          243                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             243                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      6375000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      6375000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1474                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1474                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164858                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.164858                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26234.567901                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26234.567901                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          243                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          243                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5889000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5889000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164858                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164858                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24234.567901                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24234.567901                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25580313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.967610                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2269817                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 47073                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 48.219085                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.967610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2387379                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2387379                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25580313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25580313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25580313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           24106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           24024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               48130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          24106                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          24024                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              48130                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         75835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         23305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             99140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        75835                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        23305                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            99140                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3137524000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    800294000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3937818000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3137524000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    800294000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3937818000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        99941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        47329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          147270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        99941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        47329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         147270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.673185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.673185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41373.033560                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34340.012873                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39719.770022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41373.033560                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34340.012873                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39719.770022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          16183                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                16183                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        99140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2985856000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    753684000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3739540000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2985856000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    753684000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3739540000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758798                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758798                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39373.059933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32340.012873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37719.790196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39373.059933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32340.012873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37719.790196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    112183                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          24106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          24024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              48130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        75835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        23305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            99140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3137524000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    800294000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3937818000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        99941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        47329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         147270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.673185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41373.033560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34340.012873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39719.770022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        99140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2985856000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    753684000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3739540000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39373.059933                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32340.012873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37719.790196                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        22113                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        22113                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        22113                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        22113                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25580313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.082216                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 168560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               112183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.502545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    74.445360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   289.229958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   146.406898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.145401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.564902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.285951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               282078                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              282078                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25580313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               147270                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              147269                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         22113                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       116771                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       199881                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  316652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4444288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6396160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10840448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           499700000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            257835000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           236645000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25580313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25580313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25580313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25580313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                30306597000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 117519                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34449492                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   216892                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    59.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              508798104                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12919199                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.030307                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 30306597000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1431723                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12919199                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1763965                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           127                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      993145                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            94                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9211003                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          2768                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         30306597                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   30306597                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7108026                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4091001                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1030100                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 508779                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        508779                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               763310                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              426019                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      293709                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12600339                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12600339                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25297396                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10219601                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1762670                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2755393                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     992723                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 35313      0.27%      0.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9792585     75.80%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    24677      0.19%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     83348      0.65%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    5023      0.04%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.01%     76.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    27538      0.21%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11632      0.09%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   25890      0.20%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               69157      0.54%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 180      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               11987      0.09%     78.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 702      0.01%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              74032      0.57%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                140      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1601531     12.40%     91.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  929896      7.20%     98.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              161139      1.25%     99.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              62827      0.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12919237                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   316                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        50481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        19289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           69770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        50481                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        19289                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          69770                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        43708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        10590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         54298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        43708                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10590                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        54298                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2739889000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    629630000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   3369519000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2739889000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    629630000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   3369519000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        94189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        29879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       124068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        94189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        29879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       124068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.464046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.354430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.437647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.464046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.354430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.437647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62686.213050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59455.146364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62056.042580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62686.213050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59455.146364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62056.042580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         9784                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             9784                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        54298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        54298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2652473000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    608450000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3260923000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2652473000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    608450000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3260923000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.464046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.354430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.464046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.354430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60686.213050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57455.146364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60056.042580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60686.213050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57455.146364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60056.042580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 58971                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        50481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        19289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          69770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        43708                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        54298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2739889000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    629630000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3369519000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        94189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        29879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       124068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.464046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.354430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.437647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62686.213050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59455.146364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62056.042580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2652473000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    608450000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3260923000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.464046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.354430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60686.213050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57455.146364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60056.042580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        21932                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        21932                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        21932                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21932                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30306597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2011.401431                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             146000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            61019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.392697                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   188.064894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1213.133571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   610.202966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.091829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.592350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.297951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.982130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          620                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          409                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          718                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           207019                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          207019                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30306597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9088234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9088234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9088234                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9088234                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         122769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             122769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        122769                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            122769                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4872908000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4872908000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4872908000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4872908000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9211003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9211003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9211003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9211003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39691.681125                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39691.681125                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39691.681125                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39691.681125                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       122769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        122769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       122769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       122769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4627370000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4627370000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4627370000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4627370000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37691.681125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37691.681125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37691.681125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37691.681125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     122513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9088234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9088234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        122769                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            122769                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4872908000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4872908000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9211003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9211003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39691.681125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39691.681125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       122769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       122769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4627370000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4627370000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37691.681125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37691.681125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30306597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.424943                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9211003                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                122769                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 75.027108                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.424943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9333772                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9333772                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30306597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               54298                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              54298                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9784                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       118380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       118380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 118380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4101248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      4101248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4101248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           103218000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          291017250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30306597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         2797312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          677760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3475072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      2797312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        2797312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       626176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           626176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            43708                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            10590                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                54298                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          9784                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                9784                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           92300432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           22363448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              114663880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      92300432                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          92300432                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        20661376                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              20661376                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        20661376                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          92300432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          22363448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             135325256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      8537.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     43708.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      9400.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005735414250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           494                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           494                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               123517                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                8034                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        54298                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        9784                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      54298                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      9784                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1190                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1247                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               5653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               5796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               6842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               7011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               3422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               3871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              3260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               2249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.08                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     574260000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   265540000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1570035000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10813.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29563.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     33983                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     6857                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  63.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  54298                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  9784                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    53100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        20775                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     189.803514                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    131.736007                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    200.070691                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          9098     43.79%     43.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6545     31.50%     75.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2300     11.07%     86.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1022      4.92%     91.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          650      3.13%     94.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          395      1.90%     96.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          233      1.12%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          190      0.91%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          342      1.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         20775                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          494                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      107.390688                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      76.372889                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     133.227281                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             210     42.51%     42.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           154     31.17%     73.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           78     15.79%     89.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           29      5.87%     95.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            8      1.62%     96.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            5      1.01%     97.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.20%     98.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.20%     98.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            3      0.61%     98.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            2      0.40%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      0.20%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      0.40%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            494                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          494                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.228745                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.200176                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.985855                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               187     37.85%     37.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                16      3.24%     41.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               282     57.09%     98.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 9      1.82%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            494                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3398912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    76160                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   544704                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3475072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                626176                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        112.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         17.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     114.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      20.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    30306100000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      472926.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      2797312                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       601600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       544704                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 92300432.146835878491                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 19850463.580586101860                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 17973116.546209394932                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        43708                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        10590                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         9784                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1281610750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    288424250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 704945849250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29322.11                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27235.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  72050884.02                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     66.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              41276340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              21935100                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            107028600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            11061180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2392178880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5407050210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7084428000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         15064958310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         497.085117                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18355221250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1011920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10939455750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             107085720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              56906025                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            272162520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            33366240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2392178880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9398639370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3723089760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         15983428515                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         527.391067                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9573907000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1011920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  19720770000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30306597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30306597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30306597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2695387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2695387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2696797                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2696797                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          59975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              59975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         60275                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             60275                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1624041000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1624041000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1632752000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1632752000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2755362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2755362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2757072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2757072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27078.632764                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27078.632764                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27088.378266                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27088.378266                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           28770                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 28770                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        59975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         59975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        60275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1504091000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1504091000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1512202000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1512202000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021767                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021767                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25078.632764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25078.632764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25088.378266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25088.378266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      60019                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1719059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1719059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         43196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             43196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1057141000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1057141000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1762255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1762255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24473.122511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24473.122511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    970749000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    970749000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22473.122511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22473.122511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         976328                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             976328                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16779                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16779                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    566900000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    566900000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       993107                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         993107                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016895                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016895                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33786.280470                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33786.280470                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16779                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16779                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    533342000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    533342000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016895                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016895                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31786.280470                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31786.280470                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1410                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1410                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          300                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             300                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8711000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      8711000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1710                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1710                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.175439                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.175439                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29036.666667                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29036.666667                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          300                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          300                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8111000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8111000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.175439                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.175439                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27036.666667                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27036.666667                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30306597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.128610                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2757072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 60275                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 45.741551                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.128610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2817347                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2817347                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30306597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30306597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30306597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           28580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           30396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               58976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          28580                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          30396                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              58976                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         94189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         29879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            124068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        94189                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        29879                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           124068                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3876930000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    996877000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4873807000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3876930000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    996877000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4873807000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       122769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        60275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          183044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       122769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        60275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         183044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.677804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.677804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41161.175933                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33363.800663                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39283.352678                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41161.175933                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33363.800663                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39283.352678                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          21932                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                21932                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       124068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       124068                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3688552000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    937119000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4625671000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3688552000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    937119000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4625671000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495711                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.677804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.677804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39161.175933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31363.800663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37283.352678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39161.175933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31363.800663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37283.352678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    142419                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          28580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          30396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              58976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        94189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        29879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           124068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3876930000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    996877000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4873807000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       122769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        60275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         183044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.677804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41161.175933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33363.800663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39283.352678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       124068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3688552000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    937119000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4625671000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.677804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39161.175933                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31363.800663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37283.352678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        28770                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        28770                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        28770                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        28770                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30306597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.381293                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 211814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               142931                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.481932                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    72.871821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   304.692612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   132.816859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.142328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.595103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.259408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          207                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          243                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               354745                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              354745                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30306597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               183044                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              183044                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         28770                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       149320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       245538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  394858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5698880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7857216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13556096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           613845000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            326894000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           301375000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30306597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30306597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30306597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  30306597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
