
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3864164000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 104620                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34290024                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   210638                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              404243965                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000025                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2013478                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003864                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3864164000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            240145                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000025                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2013478                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      177660                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           269                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      135779                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           203                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1293630                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           175                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3864153                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3864153                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1574328                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              729666                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       202551                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  89568                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         89568                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               142315                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               64073                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       28269                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1937429                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1937429                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3536038                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1567289                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      176785                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        312546                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     135761                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 23054      1.14%      1.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1614565     80.18%     81.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1188      0.06%     81.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1176      0.06%     81.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     785      0.04%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1806      0.09%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    30794      1.53%     83.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     83.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    12148      0.60%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   14731      0.73%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    741      0.04%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   165265      8.21%     92.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  120158      5.97%     98.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11520      0.57%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              15603      0.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2013568                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         2490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            4145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2490                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1655                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           4145                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1818                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4689                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6507                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    114260000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    283778000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    398038000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    114260000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    283778000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    398038000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        10652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        10652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.422006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.739124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.610871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.422006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.739124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.610871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62849.284928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60519.940286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61170.739204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62849.284928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60519.940286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61170.739204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1755                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1755                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    110624000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    274400000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    385024000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    110624000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    274400000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    385024000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.422006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.739124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.610871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.422006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.739124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.610871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60849.284928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58519.940286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59170.739204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60849.284928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58519.940286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59170.739204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  3435                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           4145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    114260000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    283778000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    398038000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        10652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.422006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.739124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.610871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62849.284928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60519.940286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61170.739204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    110624000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    274400000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    385024000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.422006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.739124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.610871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60849.284928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58519.940286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59170.739204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4656                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4656                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4656                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4656                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3864164000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2776.719794                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               7322                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             3435                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.131587                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    70.944276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   614.156769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2091.618749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.017320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.149941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.510649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.677910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3415                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.833740                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            22158                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           22158                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3864164000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1286376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1286376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1286376                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1286376                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           7254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               7254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          7254                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              7254                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    236904000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    236904000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    236904000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    236904000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1293630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1293630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1293630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1293630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32658.395368                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32658.395368                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32658.395368                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32658.395368                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          7254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    222396000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    222396000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    222396000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    222396000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30658.395368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30658.395368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30658.395368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30658.395368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       6998                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1286376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1286376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          7254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              7254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    236904000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    236904000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1293630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1293630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32658.395368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32658.395368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    222396000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    222396000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30658.395368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30658.395368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3864164000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               242.667178                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  824060                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  6998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                117.756502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   242.667178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.947919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.947919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1300884                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1300884                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3864164000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6507                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6507                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1755                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        14769                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        14769                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  14769                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       528768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       528768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  528768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            15282000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           34736000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3864164000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          116352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          300096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              416448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       116352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         116352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       112320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           112320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1818                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4689                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1755                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1755                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           30110523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           77661300                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              107771823                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      30110523                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          30110523                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        29067089                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              29067089                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        29067089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          30110523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          77661300                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             136838913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1752.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1818.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4667.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002211568500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           102                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           102                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                15640                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1622                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6507                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1755                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6507                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1755                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 92                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.20                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      59724250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    32425000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                181318000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9209.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27959.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4598                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1313                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  70.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 74.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6507                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1755                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6474                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2295                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     228.838344                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    143.286505                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    262.666923                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1022     44.53%     44.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          619     26.97%     71.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          219      9.54%     81.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          124      5.40%     86.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           79      3.44%     89.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           51      2.22%     92.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           31      1.35%     93.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           18      0.78%     94.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          132      5.75%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2295                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          102                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       63.029412                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      37.570260                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     162.834330                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              85     83.33%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            12     11.76%     95.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            1      0.98%     96.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      1.96%     98.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      0.98%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.98%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            102                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          102                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.872549                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.843948                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.991764                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                57     55.88%     55.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.98%     56.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                44     43.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            102                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  415040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   110144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   416448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                112320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        107.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         28.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     107.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      29.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3510432000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      424888.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       116352                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       298688                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       110144                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 30110523.259364768863                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 77296926.320932552218                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 28503966.187770500779                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1818                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4689                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1755                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     53614250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    127703750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  68437295250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29490.79                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27234.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  38995609.83                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     71.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               8510880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4523640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             22933680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             3951540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      304861440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         688253910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         904257120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1937292210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         501.348341                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2343740750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    128960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1391463250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               7875420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4185885                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             23369220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             5032080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      304861440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         827219340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         787233600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1959776985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         507.167135                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2037919000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    128960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1697285000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3864164000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3864164000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3864164000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           303914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               303914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          304599                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              304599                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          8750                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              8750                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    421263000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    421263000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    431253000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    431253000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       312382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           312382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       313349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          313349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49747.638167                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49747.638167                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49286.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49286.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5498                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5498                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    404329000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    404329000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    413755000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    413755000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47747.874350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47747.874350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47286.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47286.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       8493                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          172470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              172470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    148816000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    148816000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       176676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          176676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.023806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35381.835473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35381.835473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    140404000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    140404000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33381.835473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33381.835473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         131444                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             131444                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    272447000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    272447000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       135706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         135706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63924.683247                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63924.683247                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    263925000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    263925000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61925.152511                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61925.152511                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           685                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               685                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      9990000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      9990000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          967                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           967                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291624                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.291624                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35425.531915                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35425.531915                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      9426000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9426000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291624                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291624                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33425.531915                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33425.531915                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3864164000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.158233                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  242622                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  8493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 28.567291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.158233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.984993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                322098                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               322098                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3864164000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3864164000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3864164000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                5351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2946                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2405                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               5351                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          4308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             10653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            10653                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    166628000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    356872000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    523500000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    166628000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    356872000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    523500000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           16004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          16004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.665646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.665646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38678.737233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56244.602049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49141.087018                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38678.737233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56244.602049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49141.087018                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4656                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4656                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    158012000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    344184000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    502196000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    158012000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    344184000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    502196000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.665646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.665646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36678.737233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54244.917258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47141.274758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36678.737233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54244.917258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47141.274758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     13544                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               5351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            10653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    166628000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    356872000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    523500000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          16004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.665646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38678.737233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56244.602049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49141.087018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    158012000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    344184000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    502196000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.665646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36678.737233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54244.917258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47141.274758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3864164000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              503.177851                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  20782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.534406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   157.842003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   107.541499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   237.794349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.308285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.210042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.464442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.982769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                35558                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               35558                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3864164000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                16004                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               16003                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5498                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        22997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        14508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   37505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       911808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       464256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1376064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            36270000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             43494000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            43745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3864164000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3864164000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3864164000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3864164000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8015604000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 114058                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34312412                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   224331                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    17.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              457096572                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000089                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3933834                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008016                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8015604000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            454643                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000089                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3933834                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      429908                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           439                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      300266                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           325                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2614551                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           257                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8015593                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8015593                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2550185                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1309603                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       345983                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 112048                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        112048                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               169517                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               70788                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       66466                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3847033                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3847033                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7343920                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3113886                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      428994                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        729242                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     300248                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 26346      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3099538     78.79%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4907      0.12%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      6717      0.17%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1284      0.03%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1806      0.05%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    32098      0.82%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    12596      0.32%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   18672      0.47%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    741      0.02%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   417002     10.60%     92.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  269328      6.85%     98.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11992      0.30%     99.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              30920      0.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3933981                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    32                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         5035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         8875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           13910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5035                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         8875                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          13910                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         11142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3613                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7529                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        11142                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    241093000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    468578000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    709671000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    241093000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    468578000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    709671000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         8648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        25052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         8648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        25052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.417784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.444755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.417784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.444755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66729.310822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62236.419179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63693.322563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66729.310822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62236.419179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63693.322563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3999                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3999                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        11142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        11142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    233867000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    453520000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    687387000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    233867000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    453520000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    687387000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.417784                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.417784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444755                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64729.310822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60236.419179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61693.322563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64729.310822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60236.419179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61693.322563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  8531                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         8875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          13910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7529                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        11142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    241093000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    468578000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    709671000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         8648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        25052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.417784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.444755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66729.310822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62236.419179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63693.322563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    233867000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    453520000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    687387000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.417784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64729.310822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60236.419179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61693.322563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11542                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11542                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11542                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11542                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8015604000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3195.886074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              25141                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             8531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.947017                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   175.328342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   830.225767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2190.331965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.042805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.202692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.534749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.780246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3790                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          886                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2807                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.925293                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            48915                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           48915                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8015604000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2600295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2600295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2600295                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2600295                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          14256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              14256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         14256                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             14256                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    482741000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    482741000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    482741000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    482741000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2614551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2614551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33862.303591                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33862.303591                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33862.303591                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33862.303591                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    454231000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    454231000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    454231000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    454231000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31862.443883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31862.443883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31862.443883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31862.443883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13999                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2600295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2600295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         14256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             14256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    482741000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    482741000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2614551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33862.303591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33862.303591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    454231000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    454231000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31862.443883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31862.443883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8015604000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               249.572510                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2424471                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13999                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                173.188871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   249.572510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.974893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.974893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2628806                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2628806                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8015604000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               11142                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              11142                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3999                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        26283                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        26283                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  26283                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       969024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       969024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  969024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            31137000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           59879500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8015604000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          231232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          481856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              713088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       231232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         231232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       255936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           255936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3613                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                11142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3999                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3999                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           28847732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           60114746                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               88962479                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      28847732                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          28847732                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        31929721                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              31929721                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        31929721                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          28847732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          60114746                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             120892200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3963.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3613.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7471.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002528117750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           231                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           231                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                28069                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3711                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        11142                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3999                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      11142                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3999                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      58                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     36                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     130555000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    55420000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                338380000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11778.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30528.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6757                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2800                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 70.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  11142                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3999                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    11068                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5462                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     175.958989                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    115.697616                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    214.455617                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3086     56.50%     56.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1280     23.43%     79.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          425      7.78%     87.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          215      3.94%     91.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          138      2.53%     94.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           74      1.35%     95.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           45      0.82%     96.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           33      0.60%     96.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          166      3.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5462                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          231                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       47.805195                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      34.844756                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     109.418428                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             205     88.74%     88.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            21      9.09%     97.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            1      0.43%     98.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      0.87%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      0.43%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.43%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            231                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          231                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.043290                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.012134                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.033287                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               112     48.48%     48.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      1.30%     49.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               110     47.62%     97.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 6      2.60%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            231                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  709376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     3712                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   251968                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   713088                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                255936                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         88.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         31.43                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      88.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      31.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8014170000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      529302.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       231232                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       478144                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       251968                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 28847732.497763108462                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 59651649.457732684910                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 31434686.643701456487                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3613                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7529                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3999                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    120319500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    218060500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 188470339500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     33301.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28962.74                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  47129367.22                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     63.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              17892840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               9506475                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             37870560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             9693540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      632464560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1518159660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1799542080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4025129715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         502.161748                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4663321500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    267540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3084742500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              21120120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              11221815                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             41269200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            10857600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      632464560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1707480030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1640114400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4064527725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         507.076912                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4245884750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    267540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3502179250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8015604000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8015604000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8015604000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           704353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               704353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          705141                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              705141                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          24540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              24540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         24886                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             24886                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    878116000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    878116000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    892869000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    892869000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       728893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           728893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       730027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          730027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.033667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.034089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35783.048085                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35783.048085                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35878.365346                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35878.365346                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12991                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12991                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         24540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    829036000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    829036000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    843097000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    843097000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33783.048085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33783.048085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33878.365346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33878.365346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      24630                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          414319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              414319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         14424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             14424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    374595000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    374595000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       428743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          428743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25970.257903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25970.257903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    345747000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    345747000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23970.257903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23970.257903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         290034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             290034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    503521000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    503521000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       300150                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         300150                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033703                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033703                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49774.713325                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49774.713325                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    483289000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    483289000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033703                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033703                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47774.713325                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47774.713325                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14753000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14753000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42638.728324                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42638.728324                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14061000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14061000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40638.728324                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40638.728324                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8015604000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.147960                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  719008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 24630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 29.192367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.147960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                754913                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               754913                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8015604000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8015604000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8015604000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            5607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               14089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           5607                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8482                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              14089                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          8649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         16404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             25053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            25053                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    346291000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    666772000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1013063000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    346291000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    666772000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1013063000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           39142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          39142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.640054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.640054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40038.270320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40646.915386                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40436.793997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40038.270320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40646.915386                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40436.793997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11542                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11542                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        25053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    328995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    633964000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    962959000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    328995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    633964000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    962959000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38038.501561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38646.915386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38436.873827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38038.501561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38646.915386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38436.873827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     33751                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           5607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              14089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            25053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    346291000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    666772000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1013063000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          39142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.640054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40038.270320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40646.915386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40436.793997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    328995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    633964000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    962959000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38038.501561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38646.915386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38436.873827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8015604000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.747016                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  50506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                33751                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.496430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   159.896617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   128.699365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   219.151035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.312298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.251366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.428029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          381                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                86396                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               86396                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8015604000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                39142                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               39141                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12991                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        62763                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        28511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   91274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2424128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       912320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3336448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            71275000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            104097000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           124430000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8015604000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8015604000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8015604000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8015604000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12740772000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 110847                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34318796                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   220067                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    27.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              470732734                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000134                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5956276                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012741                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12740772000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            650623                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000134                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5956276                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      702616                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           804                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      500961                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           491                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3917852                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           278                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12740761                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12740761                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3566479                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1867139                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       469919                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 214910                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        214910                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               322954                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              134368                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      120141                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5803799                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5803799                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11408247                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4700833                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      701412                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1202337                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     500925                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 41136      0.69%      0.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4553614     76.45%     77.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    16018      0.27%     77.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     17040      0.29%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2488      0.04%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     5062      0.08%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    56283      0.94%     78.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    25246      0.42%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   36494      0.61%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    744      0.01%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   676770     11.36%     91.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  440117      7.39%     98.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               24642      0.41%     98.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              60808      1.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5956496                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    34                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        18233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        14145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           32378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        18233                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        14145                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          32378                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        13507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         18414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4907                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13507                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        18414                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    330465000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    863698000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1194163000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    330465000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    863698000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1194163000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        27652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        50792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        27652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        50792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.212057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.488464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.362537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.212057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.488464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.362537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67345.628694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63944.473236                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64850.820028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67345.628694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63944.473236                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64850.820028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         8478                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             8478                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        18414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        18414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    320651000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    836684000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1157335000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    320651000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    836684000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1157335000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.212057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.488464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.212057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.488464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65345.628694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61944.473236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62850.820028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65345.628694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61944.473236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62850.820028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 16403                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        18233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        14145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          32378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        18414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    330465000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    863698000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1194163000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        27652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        50792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.212057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.488464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.362537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67345.628694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63944.473236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64850.820028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    320651000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    836684000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1157335000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.212057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.488464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65345.628694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61944.473236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62850.820028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        19324                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19324                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        19324                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19324                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12740772000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3495.091212                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              54637                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            16403                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.330915                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   221.705020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   756.115370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2517.270823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.054127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.184598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.614568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.853294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4093                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1046                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2895                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999268                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            90612                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           90612                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12740772000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3881065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3881065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3881065                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3881065                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          36787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              36787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         36787                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             36787                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    965801000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    965801000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    965801000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    965801000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3917852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3917852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.009390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.009390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26253.866855                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26253.866855                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26253.866855                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26253.866855                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         36787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    892227000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    892227000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    892227000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    892227000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24253.866855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24253.866855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24253.866855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24253.866855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      36531                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3881065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3881065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         36787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             36787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    965801000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    965801000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3917852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.009390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26253.866855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26253.866855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    892227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    892227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24253.866855                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24253.866855                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12740772000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.956272                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3663595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 36531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                100.287290                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.956272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.984204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3954639                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3954639                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12740772000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               18414                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18414                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8478                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        45306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        45306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  45306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1721088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1721088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1721088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            60804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           99296000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12740772000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          314048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          864448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1178496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       314048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         314048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       542592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           542592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4907                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            13507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                18414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          8478                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                8478                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           24649056                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           67848950                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               92498006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      24649056                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          24649056                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        42587058                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              42587058                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        42587058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          24649056                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          67848950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             135085064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      8305.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4907.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     13387.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002528117750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           481                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           481                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                48087                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                7803                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        18414                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        8478                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      18414                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      8478                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     120                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    173                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     237444000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    91470000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                580456500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12979.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31729.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9839                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     5748                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  53.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 69.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  18414                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  8478                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    18274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        10980                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     154.847359                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    108.232678                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    179.875830                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6483     59.04%     59.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2473     22.52%     81.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1018      9.27%     90.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          384      3.50%     94.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          211      1.92%     96.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          108      0.98%     97.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           67      0.61%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           57      0.52%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          179      1.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         10980                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          481                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       37.993763                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      30.748119                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      76.729082                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             452     93.97%     93.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            24      4.99%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            1      0.21%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      0.42%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      0.21%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.21%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            481                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          481                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.203742                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.174221                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.002116                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               194     40.33%     40.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      0.62%     40.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               276     57.38%     98.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 8      1.66%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            481                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1170816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     7680                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   529600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1178496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                542592                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         91.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         41.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      92.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      42.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12739707000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      473735.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       314048                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       856768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       529600                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 24649055.802897974849                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 67246160.593722268939                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 41567339.875480078161                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4907                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        13507                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         8478                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    166388000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    414068500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 301570987000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     33908.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30655.85                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  35571005.78                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     58.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              37370760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              19859235                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             62960520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            22096260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1005551040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3164886240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2227289280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6540013335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         513.313741                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5759677000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    425360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6555735000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              41040720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              21809865                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             67658640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            21099240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1005551040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3396783330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2032007520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6585950355                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         516.919254                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5248154500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    425360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7067257500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12740772000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12740772000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12740772000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1158436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1158436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1159224                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1159224                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          43787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              43787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         44133                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             44133                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1595140000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1595140000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1609893000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1609893000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1202223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1202223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1203357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1203357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.036422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.036675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36429.533880                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36429.533880                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36478.213582                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36478.213582                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           23291                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 23291                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         43787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        44133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1507568000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1507568000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1521629000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1521629000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34429.579556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34429.579556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34478.258899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34478.258899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      43876                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          673835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              673835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         27616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             27616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    696663000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    696663000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       701451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          701451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.039370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25226.788818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25226.788818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    641431000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    641431000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23226.788818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23226.788818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         484601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             484601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    898477000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    898477000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       500772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         500772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.032292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55561.004267                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55561.004267                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    866137000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    866137000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032292                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032292                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53561.127945                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53561.127945                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14753000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14753000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42638.728324                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42638.728324                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14061000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14061000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40638.728324                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40638.728324                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12740772000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.834826                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1189668                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 43876                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 27.114322                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.834826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1247489                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1247489                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12740772000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12740772000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12740772000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           13647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           16480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               30127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          13647                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          16480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              30127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         23140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         27653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50793                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    621471000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1196160000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1817631000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    621471000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1196160000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1817631000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           80920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          80920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.627694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.627694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26857.000864                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43256.066250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35785.068809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26857.000864                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43256.066250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35785.068809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          19324                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                19324                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    575191000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1140856000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1716047000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    575191000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1140856000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1716047000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24857.000864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41256.138574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33785.108184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24857.000864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41256.138574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33785.108184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     64659                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          13647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          16480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              30127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    621471000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1196160000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1817631000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          80920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.627694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26857.000864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43256.066250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35785.068809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    575191000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1140856000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1716047000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24857.000864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41256.138574                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33785.108184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12740772000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.324320                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 102737                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                64659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.588905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   150.822498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   108.385576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   250.116246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.294575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.211691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.488508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          330                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               169382                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              169382                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12740772000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                80920                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               80919                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         23291                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       111556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        73574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  185130                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4315072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2354368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6669440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           183935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            197375000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           220660000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12740772000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12740772000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12740772000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12740772000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17311072000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 122640                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34322356                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   244895                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    32.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              530753203                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000003                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7987470                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017311                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17311072000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            848986                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7987470                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      963626                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          1591                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      669540                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           684                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5208357                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           286                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17311061                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17311061                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4704999                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2468393                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       597367                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 325453                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        325453                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               498888                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              215031                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      174914                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7750948                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7750948                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15430487                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6304822                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      962161                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1631647                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     669486                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 59903      0.75%      0.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6041955     75.64%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    23677      0.30%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     28451      0.36%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3311      0.04%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     9006      0.11%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    91967      1.15%     78.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        6      0.00%     78.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    41850      0.52%     78.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   54019      0.68%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   1916      0.02%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   920777     11.53%     91.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  591458      7.40%     98.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               41384      0.52%     99.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              78028      0.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7987742                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        31104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        20438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           51542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        31104                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        20438                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          51542                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         6814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        18412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         25226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6814                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        18412                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        25226                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    457195000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1194178000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1651373000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    457195000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1194178000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1651373000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        76768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        76768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.179704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.473925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.328600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.179704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.473925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.328600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67096.419137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64858.679122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65463.133275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67096.419137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64858.679122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65463.133275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        12497                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            12497                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        25226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        25226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    443567000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1157354000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1600921000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    443567000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1157354000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1600921000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.179704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.473925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.179704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.473925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65096.419137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62858.679122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63463.133275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65096.419137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62858.679122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63463.133275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 24078                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        31104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        20438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          51542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6814                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        18412                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        25226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    457195000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1194178000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1651373000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        76768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.179704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.473925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.328600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67096.419137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64858.679122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65463.133275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    443567000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1157354000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1600921000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.179704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.473925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65096.419137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62858.679122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63463.133275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        25866                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        25866                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        25866                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        25866                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17311072000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3653.466317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              83380                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            24078                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.462912                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   204.956162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   650.737353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2797.772802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.050038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.158871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.683050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.891960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          975                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2997                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           130808                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          130808                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17311072000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5149184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5149184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5149184                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5149184                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          59173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              59173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         59173                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             59173                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1484028000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1484028000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1484028000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1484028000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5208357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5208357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25079.478816                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25079.478816                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25079.478816                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25079.478816                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         59173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        59173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1365682000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1365682000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1365682000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1365682000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23079.478816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23079.478816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23079.478816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23079.478816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      58917                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5149184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5149184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         59173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             59173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1484028000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1484028000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5208357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25079.478816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25079.478816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1365682000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1365682000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23079.478816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23079.478816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17311072000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.023858                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4845083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 58917                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 82.235738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.023858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.988374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.988374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5267530                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5267530                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17311072000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               25226                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              25226                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12497                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        62949                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        62949                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  62949                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2414272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2414272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2414272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            87711000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          136285750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17311072000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          436096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1178368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1614464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       436096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         436096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       799808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           799808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6814                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            18412                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                25226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         12497                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               12497                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           25191739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           68070192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               93261931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      25191739                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          25191739                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        46202107                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              46202107                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        46202107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          25191739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          68070192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             139464038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     12173.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6814.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     18178.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002528117750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           704                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           704                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                66587                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               11464                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        25226                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       12497                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      25226                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     12497                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     234                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    324                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     342480750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   124960000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                811080750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      13703.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 32453.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     12473                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     8099                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  49.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 66.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  25226                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 12497                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    24972                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     707                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     707                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        16569                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     143.450540                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    103.952605                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    160.783281                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         10059     60.71%     60.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3819     23.05%     83.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1474      8.90%     92.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          489      2.95%     95.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          258      1.56%     97.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          138      0.83%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           78      0.47%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           67      0.40%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          187      1.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         16569                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          704                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       35.484375                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      30.132098                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      63.724936                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             673     95.60%     95.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            26      3.69%     99.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            1      0.14%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      0.28%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      0.14%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.14%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            704                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          704                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.261364                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.232473                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.990646                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               264     37.50%     37.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      0.71%     38.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               422     59.94%     98.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                13      1.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            704                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1599488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    14976                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   777728                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1614464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                799808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         92.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         44.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      93.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      46.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17310974000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      458897.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       436096                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1163392                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       777728                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 25191738.558998540044                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 67205081.233559653163                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 44926622.684025578201                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6814                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        18412                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        12497                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    229363750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    581717000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 410077709500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     33660.66                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     31594.45                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  32814092.14                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     55.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              58162440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              30906480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             89328540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            33131340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1366344720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4696740720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2692301760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8966916000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         517.987332                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6953677250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    577980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   9779414750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              60161640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              31972875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             89114340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            30302100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1366344720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4903239180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2518408320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8999543175                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         519.872090                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6497776500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    577980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  10235315500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17311072000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17311072000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17311072000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1569686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1569686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1570474                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1570474                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          62074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              62074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         62420                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             62420                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2235056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2235056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2249809000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2249809000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1631760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1631760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1632894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1632894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36006.315043                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36006.315043                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36043.079141                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36043.079141                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           31209                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 31209                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        62074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         62074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        62420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2110910000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2110910000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2124971000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2124971000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34006.347263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34006.347263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34043.111182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34043.111182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      62163                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          920906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              920906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         41555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             41555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1057189000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1057189000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       962461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          962461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.043176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25440.717122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25440.717122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    974081000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    974081000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23440.765251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23440.765251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         648780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             648780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        20519                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            20519                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1177867000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1177867000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       669299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         669299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030657                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030657                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57403.723378                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57403.723378                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        20519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1136829000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1136829000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030657                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030657                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55403.723378                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55403.723378                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14753000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14753000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42638.728324                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42638.728324                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14061000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14061000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40638.728324                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40638.728324                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17311072000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.142444                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1616647                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 62163                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 26.006579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.142444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1695313                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1695313                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17311072000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17311072000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17311072000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           21255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           23569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               44824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          21255                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          23569                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              44824                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         37918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         38851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             76769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            76769                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    936501000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1662404000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2598905000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    936501000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1662404000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2598905000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        62420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          121593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        62420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         121593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.631360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.631360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24698.058969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42789.220355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33853.573708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24698.058969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42789.220355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33853.573708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          25866                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                25866                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        76769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        76769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    860665000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1584704000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2445369000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    860665000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1584704000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2445369000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.631360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.631360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22698.058969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40789.271833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31853.599760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22698.058969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40789.271833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31853.599760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     95439                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          21255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          23569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              44824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            76769                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    936501000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1662404000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2598905000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        62420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         121593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.631360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24698.058969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42789.220355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33853.573708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        76769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    860665000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1584704000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2445369000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.631360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22698.058969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40789.271833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31853.599760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        31209                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        31209                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        31209                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        31209                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17311072000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.030727                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 151392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                95439                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.586270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   145.295765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   104.594759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   260.140202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.283781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.204287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.508086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          344                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               248753                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              248753                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17311072000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               121593                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              121592                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         31209                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       156048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       118346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  274394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5992192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3787072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9779264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           295865000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            277638000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           312095000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17311072000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17311072000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17311072000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17311072000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21950513000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 127067                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34333156                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   253231                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    39.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              557828201                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000054                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9964621                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021951                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21950513000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1055699                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000054                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9964621                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1147119                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2191                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      866731                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           920                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6485959                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           358                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21950502                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21950502                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5795674                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3170761                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       758214                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 397313                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        397313                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               607476                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              262216                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      209128                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9679458                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9679458                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19081580                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7846864                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1145402                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2012033                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     866631                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 70097      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7567780     75.94%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    34402      0.35%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     34270      0.34%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4104      0.04%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10876      0.11%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110565      1.11%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    51712      0.52%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   66830      0.67%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2218      0.02%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1094058     10.98%     90.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  771832      7.75%     98.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               51344      0.52%     99.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              94799      0.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9964945                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        39782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        23877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           63659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        39782                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        23877                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          63659                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         9175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        27939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         37114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9175                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        27939                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        37114                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    621921000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1800901000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2422822000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    621921000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1800901000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2422822000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        51816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       100773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        51816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       100773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.187409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.539196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.368293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.187409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.539196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.368293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67784.305177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64458.319911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65280.541036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67784.305177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64458.319911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65280.541036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        20064                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            20064                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        37114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        37114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    603571000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1745023000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2348594000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    603571000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1745023000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2348594000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.187409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.539196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.368293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.187409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.539196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.368293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65784.305177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62458.319911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63280.541036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65784.305177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62458.319911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63280.541036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 36978                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        39782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        23877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          63659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        27939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        37114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    621921000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1800901000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2422822000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        51816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       100773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.187409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.539196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.368293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67784.305177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64458.319911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65280.541036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    603571000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1745023000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2348594000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.187409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.539196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.368293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65784.305177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62458.319911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63280.541036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35739                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35739                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35739                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35739                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21950513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3746.999844                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             128841                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            36978                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.484261                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   204.583773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   585.434922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2956.981150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.049947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.142928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.721919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.914795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          336                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          346                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           177586                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          177586                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21950513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6411143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6411143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6411143                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6411143                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          74816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              74816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         74816                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             74816                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1923127000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1923127000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1923127000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1923127000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6485959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6485959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25704.755667                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25704.755667                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25704.755667                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25704.755667                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         74816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        74816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1773495000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1773495000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1773495000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1773495000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23704.755667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23704.755667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23704.755667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23704.755667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      74560                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6411143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6411143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         74816                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             74816                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1923127000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1923127000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6485959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25704.755667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25704.755667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        74816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1773495000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1773495000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23704.755667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23704.755667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21950513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.652893                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6103182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 74560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 81.855982                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.652893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6560775                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6560775                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21950513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               37114                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              37114                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        20064                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        94292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        94292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  94292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3659392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3659392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3659392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           137434000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          200292250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21950513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          587200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1788096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2375296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       587200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         587200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1284096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1284096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             9175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            27939                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                37114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         20064                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               20064                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           26751083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           81460329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              108211412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      26751083                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          26751083                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        58499590                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              58499590                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        58499590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          26751083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          81460329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             166711001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     19592.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      9175.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     27658.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002528117750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1127                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1127                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                98897                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               18464                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        37114                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       20064                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      37114                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     20064                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     281                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    472                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               3055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              3084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.81                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     495501500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   184165000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1186120250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      13452.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 32202.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     19408                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    13514                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  52.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 68.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  37114                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 20064                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    36811                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        23472                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     153.761418                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    106.623159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    184.136755                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         14193     60.47%     60.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5203     22.17%     82.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2021      8.61%     91.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          697      2.97%     94.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          393      1.67%     95.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          230      0.98%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          178      0.76%     97.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          127      0.54%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          430      1.83%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         23472                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1127                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       32.669033                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      28.436675                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      52.176905                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            1092     96.89%     96.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            29      2.57%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            1      0.09%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      0.18%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.09%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      0.09%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1127                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1127                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.357587                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.330711                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.954047                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               366     32.48%     32.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 9      0.80%     33.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               735     65.22%     98.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                17      1.51%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1127                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2357312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    17984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1251968                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2375296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1284096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        107.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         57.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     108.21                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      58.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21950293000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      383894.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       587200                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1770112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1251968                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 26751083.220697391778                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 80641031.031939879060                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 57035933.510984458029                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         9175                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        27939                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        20064                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    315030000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    871090250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 520473529250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     34335.69                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     31178.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  25940666.33                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     58.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              84651840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              44989725                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            132032880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            51323040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1732670160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6257779770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3159288000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11462735415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         522.208088                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8150805500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    732940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  13066767500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              82945380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              44086515                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            130954740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            50790600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1732670160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6432720750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3011969280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11486137425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         523.274213                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7762547250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    732940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  13455025750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21950513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21950513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21950513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1931013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1931013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1932913                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1932913                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          79881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              79881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         80613                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             80613                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3118280000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3118280000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3162384000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3162384000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2010894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2010894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2013526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2013526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.039724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.040036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39036.566893                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39036.566893                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39229.206207                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39229.206207                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           42467                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 42467                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        79881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         79881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        80613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2958520000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2958520000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3001160000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3001160000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37036.591930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37036.591930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37229.231017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37229.231017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      80356                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1093667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1093667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         50782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             50782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1330453000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1330453000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1144449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1144449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.044372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26199.302903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26199.302903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        50782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1228889000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1228889000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24199.302903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24199.302903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         837346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             837346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        29099                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            29099                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1787827000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1787827000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       866445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         866445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61439.465274                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61439.465274                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        29099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1729631000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1729631000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033584                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033584                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59439.534005                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59439.534005                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     44104000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     44104000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60251.366120                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60251.366120                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     42640000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42640000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58251.366120                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58251.366120                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21950513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.323696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2009436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 80356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.006670                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.323696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2094138                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2094138                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21950513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21950513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21950513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           25859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           28796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               54655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          25859                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          28796                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              54655                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         48957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         51817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            100774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           100774                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1240012000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2418631000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3658643000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1240012000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2418631000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3658643000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          155429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         155429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.648360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.648360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25328.594481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46676.399637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36305.426003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25328.594481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46676.399637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36305.426003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35739                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35739                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       100774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1142098000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2314999000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3457097000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1142098000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2314999000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3457097000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23328.594481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44676.438235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34305.445849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23328.594481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44676.438235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34305.445849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    123540                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          25859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          28796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              54655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           100774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1240012000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2418631000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3658643000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         155429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.648360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25328.594481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46676.399637                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36305.426003                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1142098000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2314999000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3457097000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23328.594481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44676.438235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34305.445849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21950513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.446951                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 197127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               123540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.595653                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   135.190981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    97.197200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   278.058770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.264045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.189838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.543084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          336                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               321948                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              321948                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21950513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               155429                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              155428                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         42467                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       203692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       149632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  353324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7877056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4788224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 12665280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           374080000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            367764000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           403060000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21950513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21950513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21950513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21950513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                26660907000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 133131                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34347396                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   264197                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    45.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              591560702                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000022                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11907034                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.026661                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26660907000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1315096                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000022                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11907034                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1320747                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2270                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1022322                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1055                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7829158                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           437                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         26660896                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   26660896                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7074222                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3884174                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       972517                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 400136                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        400136                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               611149                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              263436                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      237438                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11615726                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11615726                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22533912                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9370599                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1319015                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2341238                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1022223                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 71363      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9177004     77.07%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    35107      0.29%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35133      0.30%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4154      0.03%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10876      0.09%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110949      0.93%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    51896      0.44%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   67364      0.57%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2218      0.02%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1267469     10.64%     90.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  926005      7.78%     98.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               51546      0.43%     99.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              96218      0.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11907360                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        40576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        27222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           67798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        40576                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        27222                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          67798                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        15630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        33420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         49050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        15630                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33420                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        49050                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1089553000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2135790000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   3225343000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1089553000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2135790000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   3225343000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        60642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       116848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        60642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       116848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.278084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.551103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.419776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.278084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.551103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.419776                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69709.085093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63907.540395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65756.228338                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69709.085093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63907.540395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65756.228338                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        26115                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            26115                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        49050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        49050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1058293000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2068950000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3127243000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1058293000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2068950000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3127243000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.278084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.551103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.419776                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.278084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.551103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.419776                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67709.085093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61907.540395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63756.228338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67709.085093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61907.540395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63756.228338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 49157                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        40576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        27222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          67798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        15630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        49050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1089553000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2135790000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3225343000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        60642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       116848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.278084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.551103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.419776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69709.085093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63907.540395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65756.228338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1058293000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2068950000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3127243000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.278084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.551103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.419776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67709.085093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61907.540395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63756.228338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        41640                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        41640                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        41640                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        41640                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26660907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3808.660471                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             147521                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            49157                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.001017                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   185.113144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   556.533823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3067.013504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.045194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.135873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.748783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.929849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4046                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           211741                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          211741                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26660907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7726971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7726971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7726971                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7726971                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         102187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             102187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        102187                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            102187                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2817556000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2817556000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2817556000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2817556000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7829158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7829158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7829158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7829158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27572.548367                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27572.548367                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27572.548367                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27572.548367                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        102187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       102187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2613182000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2613182000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2613182000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2613182000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25572.548367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25572.548367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25572.548367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25572.548367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     101931                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7726971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7726971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        102187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            102187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2817556000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2817556000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7829158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7829158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27572.548367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27572.548367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       102187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2613182000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2613182000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25572.548367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25572.548367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26660907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.067575                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7541575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                101931                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 73.987060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.067575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7931345                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7931345                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26660907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               49050                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              49050                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        26115                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       124215                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       124215                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 124215                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4810560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      4810560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4810560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           179625000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          265050500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26660907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1000320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2138880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3139200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1000320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1000320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1671360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1671360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            15630                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            33420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                49050                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         26115                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               26115                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           37520104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           80225328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              117745432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      37520104                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          37520104                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        62689540                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              62689540                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        62689540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          37520104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          80225328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             180434972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     25640.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     15630.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     33134.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004967778500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1471                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1471                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               129915                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               24199                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        49050                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       26115                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      49050                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     26115                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     286                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    475                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               3498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              5412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              6997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     675384000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   243820000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1589709000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      13850.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 32600.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     26379                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    18634                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  54.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 72.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  49050                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 26115                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    48742                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    1024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    1033                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        29362                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     162.114297                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    110.039451                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    201.394351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         16688     56.84%     56.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7679     26.15%     82.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2200      7.49%     90.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          806      2.75%     93.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          475      1.62%     94.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          300      1.02%     95.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          234      0.80%     96.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          189      0.64%     97.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          791      2.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         29362                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1471                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       32.832767                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      25.911422                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      97.478764                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           1461     99.32%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.20%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.14%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.07%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.07%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.07%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.07%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            1      0.07%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1471                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1471                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.411965                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.386413                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.929615                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               437     29.71%     29.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                10      0.68%     30.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              1006     68.39%     98.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                17      1.16%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1471                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3120896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    18304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1639232                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3139200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1671360                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        117.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         61.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     117.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      62.69                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    26660567000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      354693.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1000320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2120576                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1639232                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 37520103.873435363173                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 79538779.382111787796                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 61484479.879097886384                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        15630                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        33420                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        26115                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    566252000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1023457000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 622385702750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     36228.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30624.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  23832498.67                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             118609680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              63034950                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            195621720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            68220180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2104527360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7797886140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3671147520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14019047550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         525.827855                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9463465750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    890240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  16307201250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              91049280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              48393840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            152553240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            65479680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2104527360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6946442370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4388152800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13796598570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         517.484216                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11331740250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    890240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  14438926750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26660907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26660907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26660907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2250916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2250916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2252816                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2252816                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          89195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              89195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         89927                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             89927                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3617229000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3617229000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3661333000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3661333000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2340111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2340111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2342743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2342743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40554.167835                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40554.167835                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40714.501763                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40714.501763                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           48282                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 48282                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        89195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         89195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3438841000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3438841000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3481481000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3481481000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38554.190257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38554.190257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38714.524003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38714.524003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      89670                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1263357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1263357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         54720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             54720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1422775000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1422775000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1318077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1318077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.041515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26001.005117                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26001.005117                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        54720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1313337000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1313337000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24001.041667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24001.041667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         987559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             987559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        34475                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            34475                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2194454000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2194454000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1022034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1022034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033732                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033732                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63653.488035                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63653.488035                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2125504000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2125504000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033732                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033732                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61653.488035                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61653.488035                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     44104000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     44104000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60251.366120                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60251.366120                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     42640000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42640000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58251.366120                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58251.366120                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26660907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.443184                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2113983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 89670                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.575142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.443184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2432669                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2432669                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26660907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26660907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26660907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           45981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           29284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               75265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          45981                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          29284                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              75265                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         56206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         60643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            116849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           116849                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1788971000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2857296000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4646267000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1788971000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2857296000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4646267000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          192114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         192114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.608227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.608227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31828.826104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47116.666392                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39763.001823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31828.826104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47116.666392                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39763.001823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          41640                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                41640                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       116849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       116849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1676559000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2736012000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4412571000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1676559000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2736012000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4412571000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29828.826104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45116.699372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37763.018939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29828.826104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45116.699372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37763.018939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    140551                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          45981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          29284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              75265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           116849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1788971000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2857296000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4646267000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         192114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.608227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31828.826104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47116.666392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39763.001823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       116849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1676559000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2736012000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4412571000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29828.826104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45116.699372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37763.018939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26660907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.721340                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 221466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               140551                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.575699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   124.169488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   113.803599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   272.748253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.242519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.222273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.532711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          461                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               381459                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              381459                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26660907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               192114                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              192113                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         48282                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       228135                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       204374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  432509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8845312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6539968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 15385280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           510935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            433524000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           449630000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26660907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26660907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26660907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  26660907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                31269635000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 135040                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34354300                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   265417                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    51.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              603233613                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13758336                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.031270                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 31269635000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1559791                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13758336                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1536925                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2294                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1130863                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1063                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9150497                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           468                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         31269635                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   31269635                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8433557                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4555849                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1161276                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 400136                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        400136                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               611149                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              263436                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      275373                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13462034                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13462034                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25994847                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10864806                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1535194                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2665957                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1130763                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 72581      0.53%      0.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10701249     77.78%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    36227      0.26%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35133      0.26%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4154      0.03%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10876      0.08%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110949      0.81%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    51896      0.38%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   67364      0.49%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2218      0.02%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1483648     10.78%     91.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1034545      7.52%     98.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               51546      0.37%     99.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              96218      0.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13758662                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        42872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        35046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           77918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        42872                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        35046                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          77918                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        22521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         57088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22521                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34567                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        57088                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1586610000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2209940000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   3796550000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1586610000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2209940000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   3796550000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       135006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       135006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.344395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.422855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.344395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.422855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70450.246437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63932.073943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66503.468330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70450.246437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63932.073943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66503.468330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        27085                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            27085                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        57088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        57088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1541568000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2140806000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3682374000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1541568000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2140806000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3682374000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.344395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.422855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.344395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.422855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68450.246437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61932.073943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64503.468330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68450.246437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61932.073943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64503.468330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 57371                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        42872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        35046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          77918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        57088                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1586610000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2209940000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3796550000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       135006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.344395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.422855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70450.246437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63932.073943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66503.468330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        57088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1541568000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2140806000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3682374000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.344395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.422855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68450.246437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61932.073943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64503.468330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        44902                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        44902                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        44902                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        44902                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31269635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3851.010493                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             179908                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            61467                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.926904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   179.958620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   573.045698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3098.006175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.043935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.139904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.756349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.940188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          567                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3514                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           241375                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          241375                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31269635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9013236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9013236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9013236                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9013236                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         137261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             137261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        137261                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            137261                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3863706000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3863706000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3863706000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3863706000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9150497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9150497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28148.607398                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28148.607398                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28148.607398                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28148.607398                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        137261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       137261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3589184000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3589184000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3589184000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3589184000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26148.607398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26148.607398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26148.607398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26148.607398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     137005                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9013236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9013236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        137261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            137261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3863706000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3863706000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9150497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.015000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28148.607398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28148.607398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       137261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3589184000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3589184000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26148.607398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26148.607398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31269635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.352388                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9150497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                137261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.664945                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.352388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9287758                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9287758                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31269635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               57088                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              57088                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        27085                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       141261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       141261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 141261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      5387072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      5387072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 5387072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           192513000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          309198750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31269635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1441344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2212288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3653632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1441344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1441344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1733440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1733440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            22521                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34567                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                57088                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         27085                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               27085                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           46094046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           70748763                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              116842809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      46094046                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          46094046                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        55435249                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              55435249                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        55435249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          46094046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          70748763                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             172278058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     26594.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     22521.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34252.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004967778500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1526                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1526                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               148060                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               25097                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        57088                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       27085                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      57088                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     27085                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     315                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    491                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               3645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              7265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             11941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     827500000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   283865000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1891993750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      14575.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 33325.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     29694                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    19301                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  52.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 72.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  57088                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 27085                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    56751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    1059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    1068                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        34342                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     155.307437                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    108.230127                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    189.617711                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         19415     56.53%     56.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9595     27.94%     84.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2460      7.16%     91.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          847      2.47%     94.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          487      1.42%     95.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          309      0.90%     96.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          241      0.70%     97.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          194      0.56%     97.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          794      2.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         34342                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1526                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       37.190039                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      26.207760                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     125.792301                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           1510     98.95%     98.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.20%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            3      0.20%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.07%     99.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.07%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.07%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.07%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.07%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            3      0.20%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.07%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            1      0.07%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1526                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1526                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.407602                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.381924                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.931937                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               457     29.95%     29.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                10      0.66%     30.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              1040     68.15%     98.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                18      1.18%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1526                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3633472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    20160                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1700096                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3653632                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1733440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        116.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         54.37                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     116.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      55.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    31246198000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      371214.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1441344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2192128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1700096                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 46094046.188898593187                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 70104048.224419638515                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 54368910.925887048244                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        22521                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34567                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        27085                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    832399750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1059594000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 735877938000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     36961.05                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30653.34                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  27169205.76                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     58.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             148597680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              78981540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            245630280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            69399900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2468394240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        9382050090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4106939520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         16499993250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         527.668239                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10581666500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1043955000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  19644013500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              96604200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              51346350                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            159728940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            69264180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2468394240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7362948780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5807235360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         16015522050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         512.174896                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15017322250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1043955000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  15208357750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31269635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31269635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31269635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2556253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2556253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2564383                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2564383                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          99355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              99355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        103079                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            103079                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3829881000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3829881000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3966544000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3966544000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2655608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2655608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2667462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2667462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.037413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38547.440994                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38547.440994                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38480.621659                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38480.621659                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           52259                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 52259                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         99355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       103079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3631171000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3631171000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3760386000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3760386000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36547.440994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36547.440994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36480.621659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36480.621659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     102823                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1461140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1461140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         63893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             63893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1594300000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1594300000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1525033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1525033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.041896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24952.655220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24952.655220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        63893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1466514000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1466514000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22952.655220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22952.655220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1095113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1095113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        35462                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            35462                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2235581000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2235581000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1130575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1130575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031366                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031366                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63041.593819                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63041.593819                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2164657000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2164657000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031366                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031366                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61041.593819                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61041.593819                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8130                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8130                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         3724                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3724                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    136663000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total    136663000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11854                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         11854                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.314156                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.314156                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36697.905478                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36697.905478                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3724                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         3724                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    129215000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129215000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.314156                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314156                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34697.905478                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34697.905478                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31269635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.525251                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2667462                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                103079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.877841                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.525251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2770541                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2770541                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31269635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31269635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31269635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           71868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           33466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              105334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          71868                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          33466                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             105334                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         65393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         69613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            135006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           135006                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2391677000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3045775000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   5437452000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2391677000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3045775000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   5437452000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          240340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         240340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.561729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.561729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36573.899347                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43752.962809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40275.632194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36573.899347                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43752.962809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40275.632194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          44902                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                44902                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       135006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       135006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2260891000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2906549000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5167440000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2260891000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2906549000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5167440000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34573.899347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41752.962809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38275.632194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34573.899347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41752.962809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38275.632194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    161841                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          71868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          33466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             105334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           135006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2391677000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3045775000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5437452000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         240340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.561729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36573.899347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43752.962809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40275.632194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       135006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2260891000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2906549000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5167440000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561729                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34573.899347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41752.962809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38275.632194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31269635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.909798                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 292599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               162353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.802240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   122.262731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   131.753520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   256.893546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.238794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.257331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.501745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               454952                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              454952                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31269635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               240340                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              240340                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         52259                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       258417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       274522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  532939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9941632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8784704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 18726336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           686305000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            501635000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           515395000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31269635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31269635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31269635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  31269635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
