
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4033996000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 144388                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34288492                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   290811                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     6.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              580695709                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1002999                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2020199                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004034                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4033996000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            240618                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1002999                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2020199                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      178450                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           266                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      135882                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           203                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1297454                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           178                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4033985                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4033985                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1579059                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              732123                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       202926                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  91342                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         91342                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               145075                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               65447                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       28341                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1943188                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1943188                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3546721                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1572012                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      177584                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        313448                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     135864                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 23148      1.15%      1.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1619075     80.14%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1189      0.06%     81.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1176      0.06%     81.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     782      0.04%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1870      0.09%     81.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    30975      1.53%     83.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       50      0.00%     83.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    12648      0.63%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   15123      0.75%     84.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    771      0.04%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   165560      8.19%     92.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  120253      5.95%     98.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               12024      0.60%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              15611      0.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2020289                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         3549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            5011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3549                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1462                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           5011                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2716                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5159                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7875                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178324000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    319048000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    497372000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178324000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    319048000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    497372000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        12886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        12886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.433520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.611128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.433520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.611128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65656.848306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61842.992828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63158.349206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65656.848306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61842.992828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63158.349206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3027                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3027                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    172892000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    308730000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    481622000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    172892000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    308730000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    481622000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.433520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.611128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.433520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.611128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63656.848306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59842.992828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61158.349206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63656.848306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59842.992828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61158.349206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  7050                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           5011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178324000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    319048000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    497372000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        12886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.433520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.611128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65656.848306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61842.992828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63158.349206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    172892000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    308730000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    481622000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.433520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.611128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63656.848306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59842.992828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61158.349206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4606                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4606                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4606                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4606                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4033996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1807.440014                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              12830                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             7050                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.819858                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   150.490910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   399.330389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1257.618715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.073482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.194986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.614072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.882539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1770                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.985840                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            26561                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           26561                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4033996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1287143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1287143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1287143                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1287143                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          10311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              10311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         10311                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             10311                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    352830000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    352830000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    352830000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    352830000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1297454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1297454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1297454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1297454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34218.795461                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34218.795461                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34218.795461                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34218.795461                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         10311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332208000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    332208000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332208000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    332208000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32218.795461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32218.795461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32218.795461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32218.795461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      10055                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1287143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1287143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         10311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             10311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    352830000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    352830000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1297454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1297454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34218.795461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34218.795461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332208000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    332208000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32218.795461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32218.795461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4033996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               244.784984                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  815513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 10055                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 81.105221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   244.784984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.956191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.956191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1307765                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1307765                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4033996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7875                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7875                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3027                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        18777                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        18777                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  18777                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       697728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       697728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  697728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            23010000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           42240750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4033996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          173824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          330176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              504000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       173824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         173824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       193728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           193728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2716                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7875                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3027                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3027                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           43089780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           81848371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              124938151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      43089780                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          43089780                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        48023845                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              48023845                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        48023845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          43089780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          81848371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             172961996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2845.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2716.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5119.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001047880500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           167                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           167                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                19602                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2663                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7875                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3027                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7875                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3027                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    182                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      88105500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    39175000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                235011750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11245.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29995.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5057                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2096                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7875                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3027                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7824                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3501                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     194.760354                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    125.413972                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    232.736061                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1797     51.33%     51.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          907     25.91%     77.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          290      8.28%     85.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          142      4.06%     89.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           96      2.74%     92.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           64      1.83%     94.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           51      1.46%     95.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           23      0.66%     96.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          131      3.74%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3501                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          167                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       46.856287                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      34.213650                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      99.966276                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             145     86.83%     86.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            18     10.78%     97.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            2      1.20%     98.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.60%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.60%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            167                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          167                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.880240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.850570                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.010799                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                92     55.09%     55.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 7      4.19%     59.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                64     38.32%     97.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 4      2.40%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            167                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  501440                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   180416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   504000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                193728                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        124.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         44.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     124.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      48.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3680264000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      337576.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       173824                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       327616                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       180416                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 43089779.960118949413                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 81213764.217911973596                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 44723891.644909910858                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2716                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5159                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3027                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     87571750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    147440000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  82859130250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     32242.91                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28579.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  27373349.93                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     66.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              14637000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7779750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             31787280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             7495920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      318383520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1197367650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         540744960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2118196080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         525.086311                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1393343750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    134680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2505972250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              10360140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5506545                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             24154620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             7219260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      318383520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         917831100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         776144160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2059599345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         510.560582                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2008289000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    134680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1891027000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4033996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4033996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4033996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           304309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               304309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          304942                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              304942                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9300                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9300                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    462024000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    462024000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    475129000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    475129000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       313268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           313268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       314242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          314242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.029595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51570.934256                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51570.934256                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51089.139785                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51089.139785                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5741                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5741                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    444108000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    444108000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    456531000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    456531000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49571.157495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49571.157495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49089.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49089.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9043                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          172868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              172868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    183126000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    183126000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       177459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          177459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39888.041821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39888.041821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    173944000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    173944000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37888.041821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37888.041821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         131441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             131441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    278898000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    278898000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       135809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         135809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.032163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63850.274725                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63850.274725                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4368                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4368                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270164000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    270164000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032163                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032163                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61850.732601                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61850.732601                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           633                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               633                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          341                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             341                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13105000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     13105000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          974                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           974                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.350103                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.350103                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38431.085044                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38431.085044                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          341                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          341                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12423000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12423000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.350103                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350103                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36431.085044                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36431.085044                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4033996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.274456                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  231420                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9043                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.591065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.274456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                323541                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               323541                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4033996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4033996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4033996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            4046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                6724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           4046                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2678                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               6724                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          6265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             12887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            12887                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    254337000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    394803000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    649140000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    254337000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    394803000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    649140000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           19611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          19611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.657131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.657131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40596.488428                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59619.903352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50371.692403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40596.488428                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59619.903352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50371.692403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4606                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4606                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    241807000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    381561000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    623368000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    241807000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    381561000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    623368000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38596.488428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57620.205376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48371.847598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38596.488428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57620.205376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48371.847598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     15478                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           4046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               6724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            12887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    254337000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    394803000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    649140000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          19611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.657131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40596.488428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59619.903352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50371.692403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    241807000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    381561000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    623368000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38596.488428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57620.205376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48371.847598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5741                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5741                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5741                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5741                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4033996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              503.812987                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  24447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                15478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.579468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   133.966443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   106.244481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   263.602063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.261653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.207509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.514848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.984010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                41342                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               41342                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4033996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                19611                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               19610                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5741                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        24340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        20622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   44962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       962560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       659904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1622464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            51555000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             48316000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            46495000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4033996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4033996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4033996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4033996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8338330000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 128959                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34310872                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   253737                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    15.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              537635568                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000015                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3935255                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008338                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8338330000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            454576                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000015                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3935255                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      430003                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           447                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      299868                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           326                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2614400                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           267                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8338319                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8338319                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2552559                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1309945                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       346026                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 113732                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        113732                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               172175                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               72144                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       66415                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3847527                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3847527                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7343567                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3114276                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      429097                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        728947                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     299850                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 26430      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3100027     78.77%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4899      0.12%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      6670      0.17%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1279      0.03%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1870      0.05%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    32279      0.82%     80.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       50      0.00%     80.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    13096      0.33%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   19050      0.48%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    771      0.02%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   416601     10.59%     92.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  268994      6.84%     98.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               12496      0.32%     99.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              30856      0.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3935402                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    32                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         4441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           10097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4441                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5656                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          10097                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         5989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         8588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         14577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5989                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8588                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        14577                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    403019000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    546303000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    949322000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    403019000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    546303000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    949322000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        24674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        24674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.574209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.602921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.590784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.574209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.602921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.590784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67293.204208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63612.366092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65124.648419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67293.204208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63612.366092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65124.648419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         5565                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             5565                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        14577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        14577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    391041000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    529127000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    920168000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    391041000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    529127000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    920168000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.574209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.602921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.590784                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.574209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.602921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.590784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65293.204208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61612.366092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63124.648419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65293.204208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61612.366092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63124.648419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 14812                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          10097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        14577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    403019000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    546303000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    949322000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        24674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.574209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.602921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.590784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67293.204208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63612.366092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65124.648419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    391041000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    529127000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    920168000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.574209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.602921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.590784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65293.204208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61612.366092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63124.648419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9880                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9880                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9880                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9880                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8338330000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1923.519948                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              29012                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            14812                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.958682                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   193.514692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   465.608571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1264.396685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.094490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.227348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.617381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.939219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2043                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          709                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997559                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            51409                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           51409                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8338330000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2596903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2596903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2596903                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2596903                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          17497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              17497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         17497                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             17497                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    695655000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    695655000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    695655000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    695655000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2614400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2614400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.006693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.006693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39758.530034                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39758.530034                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39758.530034                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39758.530034                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         17497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    660661000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    660661000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    660661000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    660661000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37758.530034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37758.530034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37758.530034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37758.530034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      17241                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2596903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2596903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         17497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             17497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    695655000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    695655000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2614400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39758.530034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39758.530034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    660661000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    660661000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37758.530034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37758.530034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8338330000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               250.574294                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2419501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 17241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                140.334145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.574294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.978806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.978806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2631897                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2631897                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8338330000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               14577                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14577                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5565                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        34719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        34719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  34719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1289088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1289088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1289088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            42402000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           78662250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8338330000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          383296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          549632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              932928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       383296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         383296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       356160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           356160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             8588                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                14577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5565                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5565                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           45967958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           65916317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              111884274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      45967958                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          45967958                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        42713589                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              42713589                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        42713589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          45967958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          65916317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             154597863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5266.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5989.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      8503.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001874500500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           309                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           309                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                36479                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4949                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        14577                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5565                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      14577                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5565                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      85                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    299                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     191592750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    72460000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                463317750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      13220.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31970.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8250                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3633                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  56.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 68.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  14577                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5565                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    14476                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7853                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     160.810900                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    111.044423                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    188.733621                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4505     57.37%     57.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1917     24.41%     81.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          680      8.66%     90.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          244      3.11%     93.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          153      1.95%     95.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           92      1.17%     96.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           74      0.94%     97.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           35      0.45%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          153      1.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7853                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          309                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       46.805825                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      36.929088                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      75.718600                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             262     84.79%     84.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            40     12.94%     97.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            5      1.62%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.32%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.32%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            309                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          309                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.980583                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.950076                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.022290                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               157     50.81%     50.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 8      2.59%     53.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               137     44.34%     97.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 7      2.27%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            309                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  927488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     5440                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   335808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   932928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                356160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        111.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         40.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     111.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      42.71                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8338098000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      413965.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       383296                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       544192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       335808                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 45967957.612615481019                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 65263907.760906562209                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 40272812.421671964228                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5989                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         8588                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5565                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    202765000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    260552750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 193805703000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     33856.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30339.17                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  34825822.64                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              25175640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              13377375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             47852280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            14297580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      657664800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2076240390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1453505760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4288113825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         514.265306                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3757856250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    278200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4302273750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              30916200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              16424760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             55620600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            13091760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      657664800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1905875940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1596970560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4276564620                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         512.880231                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4132247250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    278200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3927882750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8338330000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8338330000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8338330000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           700804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               700804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          701535                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              701535                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          27779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              27779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         28189                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             28189                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    990471000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    990471000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1009513000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1009513000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       728583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           728583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       729724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          729724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35655.387163                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35655.387163                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35812.302671                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35812.302671                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           13736                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 13736                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         27779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    934915000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    934915000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    953137000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    953137000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33655.459160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33655.459160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33812.373621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33812.373621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      27932                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          411101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              411101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         17730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             17730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    484332000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    484332000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       428831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          428831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.041345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27317.089679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27317.089679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    448874000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    448874000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25317.202482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25317.202482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         289703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             289703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10049                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    506139000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    506139000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       299752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         299752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50367.101204                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50367.101204                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    486041000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    486041000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033524                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033524                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48367.101204                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48367.101204                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19042000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     19042000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46443.902439                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46443.902439                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     18222000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18222000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44443.902439                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44443.902439                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8338330000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.197621                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  714188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 27932                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.568810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.197621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                757912                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               757912                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8338330000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8338330000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8338330000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               21011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7067                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13944                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              21011                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         10430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         14245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             24675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            24675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    526631000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    714299000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1240930000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    526631000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    714299000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1240930000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        28189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           45686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        28189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          45686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.540100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.540100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50491.946309                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50143.839944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50290.982776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50491.946309                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50143.839944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50290.982776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9880                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9880                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        24675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    505771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    685811000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1191582000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    505771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    685811000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1191582000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48491.946309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48143.980344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48291.063830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48491.946309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48143.980344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48291.063830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     31494                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              21011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            24675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    526631000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    714299000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1240930000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          45686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.540100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50491.946309                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50143.839944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50290.982776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    505771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    685811000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1191582000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48491.946309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48143.980344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48291.063830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13736                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13736                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13736                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13736                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8338330000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.039210                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  57766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                31494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.834191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   139.330361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   120.574863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   248.133986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.272130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.235498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.484637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                91428                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               91428                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8338330000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                45686                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               45685                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         13736                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        70113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        34994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  105107                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2683136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1119808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3802944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            87485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            114366000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           140940000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8338330000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8338330000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8338330000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8338330000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                13381015000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 121386                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34317200                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   241012                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    24.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              541412735                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000026                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5956605                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.013381                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13381015000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            650443                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000026                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5956605                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      702544                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           813                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      500460                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           492                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3917639                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           290                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         13381004                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   13381004                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3567703                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1867917                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       469884                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 216515                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        216515                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               325436                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              135647                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      120025                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5803328                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5803328                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11405889                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4700389                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      701349                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1201774                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     500425                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 41173      0.69%      0.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4553444     76.44%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    15990      0.27%     77.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     16979      0.29%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2482      0.04%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     5110      0.09%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    56400      0.95%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       74      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    25728      0.43%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   36863      0.62%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    774      0.01%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   676197     11.35%     91.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  439681      7.38%     98.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               25152      0.42%     98.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              60744      1.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5956825                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    34                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        12516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        10087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           22603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        12516                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        10087                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          22603                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        10056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        15744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         25800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        10056                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        15744                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        25800                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    697153000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1035127000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1732280000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    697153000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1035127000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1732280000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        25831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        48403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        25831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        48403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.445508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.609500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.533025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.445508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.609500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.533025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69327.068417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65747.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67142.635659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69327.068417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65747.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67142.635659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        11815                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            11815                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        25800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        25800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    677041000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1003639000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1680680000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    677041000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1003639000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1680680000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.445508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.609500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.533025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.445508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.609500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.533025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67327.068417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63747.395833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65142.635659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67327.068417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63747.395833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65142.635659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 28534                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        12516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        10087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          22603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        10056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        15744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        25800                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    697153000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1035127000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1732280000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        25831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        48403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.445508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.609500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.533025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69327.068417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65747.395833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67142.635659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    677041000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1003639000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1680680000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.445508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.609500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.533025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67327.068417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63747.395833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65142.635659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        18254                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        18254                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        18254                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        18254                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13381015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1969.866083                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              59822                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            28534                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.096516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   206.627978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   394.853234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1368.384871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.100893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.192799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.668157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.961849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          945                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          946                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            97239                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           97239                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13381015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3875050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3875050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3875050                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3875050                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          42589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              42589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         42589                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             42589                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1407616000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1407616000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1407616000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1407616000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3917639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3917639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33051.163446                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33051.163446                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33051.163446                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33051.163446                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         42589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1322438000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1322438000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1322438000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1322438000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31051.163446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31051.163446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31051.163446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31051.163446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      42333                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3875050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3875050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         42589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             42589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1407616000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1407616000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3917639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33051.163446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33051.163446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1322438000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1322438000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31051.163446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31051.163446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13381015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.618991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3660407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 42333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 86.466988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.618991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.986793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.986793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3960228                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3960228                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13381015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               25800                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              25800                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        11815                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        63415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        63415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  63415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2407360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2407360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2407360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            84875000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          140165250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13381015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          643584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1007616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1651200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       643584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         643584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       756160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           756160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            10056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            15744                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                25800                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         11815                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               11815                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           48096800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           75301911                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              123398711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      48096800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          48096800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        56509913                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              56509913                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        56509913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          48096800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          75301911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             179908624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     10712.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     10056.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     15492.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001874500500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           624                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           624                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                65982                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               10083                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        25800                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       11815                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      25800                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     11815                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     252                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1103                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               5208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     393161500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   127740000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                872186500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      15389.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 34139.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     12047                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     7090                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  47.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 66.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  25800                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 11815                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    25528                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        17093                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     135.638214                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     99.845360                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    152.469867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         10777     63.05%     63.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3816     22.32%     85.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1429      8.36%     93.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          414      2.42%     96.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          208      1.22%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          135      0.79%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           97      0.57%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           53      0.31%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          164      0.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         17093                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          624                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       40.919872                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      35.146100                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      54.272631                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             566     90.71%     90.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            51      8.17%     98.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            5      0.80%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            624                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          624                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.125000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.094312                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.023206                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               276     44.23%     44.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                10      1.60%     45.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               322     51.60%     97.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                16      2.56%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            624                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1635072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    16128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   683904                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1651200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                756160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        122.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         51.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     123.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      56.51                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    13380268000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      355716.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       643584                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       991488                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       683904                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 48096799.831701859832                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 74096621.220438063145                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 51110024.164833538234                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        10056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        15744                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        11815                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    360509500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    511677000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 315291541500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     35850.19                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     32499.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  26685699.66                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     52.78                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              48187860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              25608660                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             75212760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            29138040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1055951520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3860660160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1887227520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6981986520                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         521.783028                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4868294750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    446680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8066040250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              73884720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              39259275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            107199960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            26642880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1055951520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3939399390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1820920800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7063258545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         527.856709                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4690891250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    446680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8243443750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13381015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13381015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13381015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1154596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1154596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1155327                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1155327                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          47047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              47047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         47457                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             47457                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1800603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1800603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1819645000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1819645000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1201643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1201643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1202784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1202784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.039152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.039456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38272.429698                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38272.429698                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38343.026319                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38343.026319                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           23718                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 23718                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         47047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1706511000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1706511000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1724733000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1724733000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36272.472209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36272.472209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36343.068462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36343.068462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      47200                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          670333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              670333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         31039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             31039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    896064000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    896064000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       701372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          701372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.044255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28868.971294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28868.971294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    833988000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    833988000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26869.035729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26869.035729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         484263                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             484263                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16008                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16008                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    904539000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    904539000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       500271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         500271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031999                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031999                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56505.434783                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56505.434783                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    872523000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    872523000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031999                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031999                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54505.434783                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54505.434783                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19042000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     19042000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46443.902439                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46443.902439                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     18222000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18222000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44443.902439                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44443.902439                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13381015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.876854                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1186145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 47200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.130191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.876854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1250240                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1250240                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13381015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13381015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13381015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           20017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           21625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               41642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          20017                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          21625                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              41642                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         25832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             48404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            48404                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    970477000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1339442000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2309919000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    970477000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1339442000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2309919000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        47457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           90046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        47457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          90046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.537547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.537547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42994.727982                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51852.043976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47721.655235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42994.727982                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51852.043976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47721.655235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          18254                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                18254                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    925333000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1287780000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2213113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    925333000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1287780000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2213113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40994.727982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49852.121400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45721.696554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40994.727982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49852.121400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45721.696554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     61262                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          20017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          21625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              41642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            48404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    970477000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1339442000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2309919000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        47457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          90046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.537547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42994.727982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51852.043976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47721.655235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    925333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1287780000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2213113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40994.727982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49852.121400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45721.696554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23718                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23718                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23718                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23718                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13381015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.531848                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 112091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                61262                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.829699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   137.709903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   101.716281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   270.105663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.268965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.198665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.527550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          351                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               175538                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              175538                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13381015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                90046                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               90045                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         23718                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       118631                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        85178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  203809                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4555136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2725696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7280832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           212945000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            208636000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           237280000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13381015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13381015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13381015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  13381015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18289109000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 118223                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34320736                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   236094                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    33.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              540539770                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000032                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7988194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018289                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18289109000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            848693                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000032                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7988194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      963666                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          1636                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      669007                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           694                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5208260                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           297                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18289098                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18289098                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4705712                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2469517                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       597211                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 327688                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        327688                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               502201                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              216712                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      174808                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7750704                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7750704                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15428314                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6304533                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      962208                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1631161                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     668953                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 59935      0.75%      0.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6041717     75.63%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    23656      0.30%     76.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     28382      0.36%     77.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3307      0.04%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     9062      0.11%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    92052      1.15%     78.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       80      0.00%     78.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    42536      0.53%     78.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   54598      0.68%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   1946      0.02%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   920110     11.52%     91.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  590957      7.40%     98.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               42098      0.53%     99.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              77996      0.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7988466                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        23812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        16398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           40210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        23812                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        16398                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          40210                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        14058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        21868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        14058                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        21868                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35926                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    985302000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1448040000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2433342000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    985302000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1448040000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2433342000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        76136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        76136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.371217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.571473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.471866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.371217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.571473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.471866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70088.348271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66217.303823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67732.060346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70088.348271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66217.303823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67732.060346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        16547                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            16547                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        21868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        21868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    957186000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1404304000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2361490000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    957186000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1404304000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2361490000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.371217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.571473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.471866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.371217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.571473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.471866                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68088.348271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64217.303823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65732.060346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68088.348271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64217.303823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65732.060346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 40553                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        23812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        16398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          40210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        14058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        21868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    985302000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1448040000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2433342000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        76136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.371217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.571473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.471866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70088.348271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66217.303823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67732.060346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        21868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    957186000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1404304000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2361490000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.371217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.571473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.471866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68088.348271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64217.303823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65732.060346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        24822                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        24822                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        24822                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        24822                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18289109000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1990.834223                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              93205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            40553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.298350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   201.246399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   350.361499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1439.226326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.098265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.171075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.702747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.972087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1008                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           143559                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          143559                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18289109000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5138594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5138594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5138594                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5138594                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          69666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              69666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         69666                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             69666                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2155916000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2155916000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2155916000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2155916000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5208260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5208260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30946.458818                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30946.458818                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30946.458818                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30946.458818                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         69666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2016584000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2016584000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2016584000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2016584000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28946.458818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28946.458818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28946.458818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28946.458818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      69410                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5138594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5138594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         69666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             69666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2155916000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2155916000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5208260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30946.458818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30946.458818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2016584000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2016584000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28946.458818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28946.458818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18289109000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.526324                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4853464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 69410                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 69.924564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.526324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5277926                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5277926                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18289109000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35926                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35926                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16547                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        88399                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        88399                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  88399                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3358272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3358272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3358272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           118661000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          195613000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18289109000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          899712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1399552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2299264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       899712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         899712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1059008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1059008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            14058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            21868                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         16547                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               16547                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           49193867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           76523793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              125717661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      49193867                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          49193867                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        57903750                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              57903750                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        57903750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          49193867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          76523793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             183621411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     14889.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     14058.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     21321.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001874500500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           865                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           865                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                91533                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               14034                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35926                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       16547                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35926                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     16547                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     547                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1658                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               4401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               7901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     573858000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   176895000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1237214250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      16220.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 34970.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     15259                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     9549                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  43.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 64.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35926                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 16547                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35358                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     867                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        25441                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     126.395032                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     96.008621                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    136.541431                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         16531     64.98%     64.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5680     22.33%     87.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1939      7.62%     94.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          532      2.09%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          261      1.03%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          158      0.62%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          114      0.45%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           59      0.23%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          167      0.66%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         25441                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          865                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       40.900578                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      36.047830                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      46.703897                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             794     91.79%     91.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            64      7.40%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            5      0.58%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.12%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            865                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          865                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.195376                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.165198                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.013783                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               353     40.81%     40.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                13      1.50%     42.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               476     55.03%     97.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                23      2.66%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            865                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2264256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    35008                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   951936                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2299264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1059008                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        123.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         52.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     125.72                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      57.90                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18288072000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      348523.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       899712                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1364544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       951936                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 49193867.235413156450                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 74609648.835271298885                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 52049337.121890403330                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        14058                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        21868                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        16547                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    514523250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    722691000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 433045768500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     36600.03                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     33047.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  26170651.39                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     49.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              69893460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              37137870                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            103744200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            39682440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1443174720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5500775310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2390786400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9585194400                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         524.093022                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6161837500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    610480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  11516791500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             111783840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              59410725                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            148861860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            37959840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1443174720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5765222820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2168093760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9734507565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         532.257070                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5573875500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    610480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12104753500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18289109000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18289109000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18289109000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1564284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1564284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1565015                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1565015                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          66976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              66976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         67386                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             67386                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2550134000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2550134000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2569176000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2569176000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1631260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1631260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1632401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1632401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.041058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.041280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38075.340420                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38075.340420                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38126.257680                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38126.257680                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           32096                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 32096                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        66976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         66976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        67386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        67386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2416184000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2416184000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2434406000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2434406000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36075.370282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36075.370282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36126.287359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36126.287359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      67129                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          916071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              916071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         46423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             46423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1361377000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1361377000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       962494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          962494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.048232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29325.485212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29325.485212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        46423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1268533000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1268533000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27325.528294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27325.528294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         648213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             648213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        20553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            20553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1188757000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1188757000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       668766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         668766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030733                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030733                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57838.612368                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57838.612368                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        20553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1147651000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1147651000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030733                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030733                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55838.612368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55838.612368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19042000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     19042000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46443.902439                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46443.902439                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     18222000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18222000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44443.902439                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44443.902439                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18289109000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.178264                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1614803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 67129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 24.055222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.178264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1699786                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1699786                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18289109000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18289109000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18289109000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           31796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           29119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               60915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          31796                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          29119                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              60915                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         37870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         38267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             76137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            76137                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1449496000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1901762000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3351258000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1449496000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1901762000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3351258000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        67386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          137052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        67386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         137052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.555534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.555534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38275.574333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49697.180338                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44016.155089                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38275.574333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49697.180338                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44016.155089                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          24822                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                24822                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        76137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        76137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1373756000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1825230000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3198986000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1373756000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1825230000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3198986000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.555534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.555534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36275.574333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47697.232603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42016.181357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36275.574333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47697.232603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42016.181357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     93821                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          31796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          29119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              60915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            76137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1449496000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1901762000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3351258000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        67386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         137052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.555534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38275.574333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49697.180338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44016.155089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        76137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1373756000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1825230000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3198986000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.555534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36275.574333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47697.232603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42016.181357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        32096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        32096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        32096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        32096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18289109000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.194205                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 167659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                93821                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.787009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   134.528393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   101.613209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   274.052603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.262751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.198463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.535259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          360                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               263481                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              263481                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18289109000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               137052                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              137051                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         32096                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       166867                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       139332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  306199                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6366784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4458624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10825408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           348330000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            297532000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           336925000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18289109000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18289109000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18289109000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18289109000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                23116957000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 117840                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34330520                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   234868                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    42.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              544816523                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000003                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9965607                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.023117                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23116957000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1055108                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9965607                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1148432                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2240                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      865766                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           934                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6485913                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           364                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         23116946                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   23116946                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5795752                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3170350                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       757534                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 400785                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        400785                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               612618                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              264838                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      209194                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9678803                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9678803                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19082946                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7846687                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1146734                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2012400                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     865666                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 70202      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7565946     75.92%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    34403      0.35%     76.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     34245      0.34%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4101      0.04%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10940      0.11%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110866      1.11%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      164      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    52686      0.53%     79.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   67696      0.68%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2248      0.02%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1094322     10.98%     90.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  770883      7.74%     98.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               52412      0.53%     99.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              94783      0.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9965931                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        30474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        20186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           50660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        30474                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        20186                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          50660                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        17950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        31785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         49735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        17950                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        31785                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        49735                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1268368000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2084622000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   3352990000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1268368000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2084622000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   3352990000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        51971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       100395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        51971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       100395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.370684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.611591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.495393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.370684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.611591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.495393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70661.169916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65585.087305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67417.110687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70661.169916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65585.087305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67417.110687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        24757                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            24757                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        49735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        49735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1232468000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2021052000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3253520000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1232468000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2021052000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3253520000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.370684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.611591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.370684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.611591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68661.169916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63585.087305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65417.110687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68661.169916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63585.087305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65417.110687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 56361                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        30474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        20186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          50660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        17950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        31785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        49735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1268368000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2084622000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3352990000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        51971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       100395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.370684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.611591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.495393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70661.169916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65585.087305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67417.110687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1232468000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2021052000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3253520000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.370684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.611591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68661.169916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63585.087305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65417.110687                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        34644                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        34644                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        34644                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34644                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2002.772978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             131455                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            56361                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.332375                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   205.090232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   319.651939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1478.030807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.100142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.156080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.721695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.977916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          336                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1675                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           193448                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          193448                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6398049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6398049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6398049                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6398049                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          87864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              87864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         87864                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             87864                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2746837000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2746837000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2746837000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2746837000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6485913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6485913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31262.371392                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31262.371392                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31262.371392                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31262.371392                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         87864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        87864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2571109000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2571109000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2571109000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2571109000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29262.371392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29262.371392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29262.371392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29262.371392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      87608                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6398049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6398049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         87864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             87864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2746837000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2746837000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6485913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31262.371392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31262.371392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        87864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2571109000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2571109000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29262.371392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29262.371392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.042938                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6114714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 87608                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 69.796297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.042938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6573777                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6573777                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               49735                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              49735                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        24757                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       124227                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       124227                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 124227                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4767488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      4767488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4767488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           173520000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          270352250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1148800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2034240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3183040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1148800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1148800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1584448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1584448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            17950                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            31785                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                49735                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         24757                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               24757                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           49695122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           87997741                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              137692863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      49695122                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          49695122                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        68540509                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              68540509                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        68540509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          49695122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          87997741                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             206233372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     22769.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     17950.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     31151.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001874500500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1314                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1314                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               128268                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               21464                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        49735                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       24757                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      49735                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     24757                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     634                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1988                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               5603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              10038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              3092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              3361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     775669250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   245505000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1696313000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      15797.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 34547.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     22542                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    15286                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  45.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 67.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  49735                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 24757                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    49078                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     851                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1338                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        34011                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     135.182617                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     98.341199                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    159.969182                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         21898     64.39%     64.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7438     21.87%     86.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2545      7.48%     93.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          737      2.17%     95.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          394      1.16%     97.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          239      0.70%     97.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          199      0.59%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          123      0.36%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          438      1.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         34011                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1314                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       37.355403                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      32.902976                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      39.218946                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            1230     93.61%     93.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            77      5.86%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            5      0.38%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.08%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1314                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1314                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.304414                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.276006                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.982030                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               464     35.31%     35.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                16      1.22%     36.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               804     61.19%     97.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                30      2.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1314                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3142464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    40576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1455232                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3183040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1584448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        135.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         62.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     137.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      68.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    23116737000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      310325.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1148800                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1993664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1455232                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 49695122.069916032255                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 86242492.902504429221                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 62950845.995863556862                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        17950                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        31785                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        24757                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    667128250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1029184750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 548638424250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     37165.92                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     32379.57                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  22160941.32                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     52.63                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              97153980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              51638565                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            147362460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            58109040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1824251520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7135339230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2868204960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12182059755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         526.975058                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7384275000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    771680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  14961002000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             145684560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              77433180                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            203218680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            60583320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1824251520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7489731600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2569769280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12370672140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         535.134107                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6595758500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    771680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  15749518500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1926017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1926017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1927859                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1927859                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          85218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              85218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         86015                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             86015                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3471832000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3471832000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3520332000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3520332000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2011235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2011235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2013874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2013874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.042371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.042711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40740.594710                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40740.594710                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40926.954601                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40926.954601                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           43140                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 43140                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        85218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         85218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        86015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        86015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3301398000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3301398000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3348304000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3348304000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38740.618179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38740.618179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38926.977853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38926.977853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      85758                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1089701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1089701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         56054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             56054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1673412000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1673412000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1145755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1145755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.048923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29853.569772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29853.569772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1561304000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1561304000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27853.569772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27853.569772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         836316                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             836316                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        29164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            29164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1798420000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1798420000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       865480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         865480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033697                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033697                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61665.752297                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61665.752297                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        29164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1740094000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1740094000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033697                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033697                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59665.820875                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59665.820875                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1842                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1842                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          797                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             797                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     48500000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     48500000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2639                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2639                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302008                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.302008                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60853.199498                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60853.199498                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          797                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          797                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     46906000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46906000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302008                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302008                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58853.199498                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58853.199498                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.349879                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2009784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 85758                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.435528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.349879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2099888                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2099888                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           39440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           34043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               73483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          39440                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          34043                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              73483                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         48424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         51972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            100396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           100396                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1861980000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2696675000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4558655000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1861980000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2696675000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4558655000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        86015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          173879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        86015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         173879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.577390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.577390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38451.594251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51887.073809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45406.739312                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38451.594251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51887.073809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45406.739312                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          34644                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                34644                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       100396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1765132000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2592733000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4357865000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1765132000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2592733000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4357865000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36451.594251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49887.112291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43406.759233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36451.594251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49887.112291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43406.759233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    122192                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          39440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          34043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              73483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           100396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1861980000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2696675000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4558655000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        86015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         173879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.577390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38451.594251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51887.073809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45406.739312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1765132000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2592733000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4357865000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36451.594251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49887.112291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43406.759233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        43140                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        43140                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        43140                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        43140                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.571335                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 216250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               122192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.769756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   126.662656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    97.393573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   286.515106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.247388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.190222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.559600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          336                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               339723                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              339723                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               173879                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              173878                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         43140                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       215169                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       175728                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  390897                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8265856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5623296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13889152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           439320000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            389579000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           430070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  23116957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                27809104000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 120366                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34344752                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   238897                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    49.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              557849162                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000283                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11909122                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.027809                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 27809104000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1314536                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000283                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11909122                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1321074                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2322                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1021912                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1071                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7828993                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           443                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         27809093                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   27809093                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7074704                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3885654                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       972127                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 403600                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        403600                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               616283                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              266058                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      237353                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11616183                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11616183                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22533962                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9370948                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1319362                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2341175                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1021813                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 71468      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9176702     77.05%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    35108      0.29%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35108      0.29%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4151      0.03%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10940      0.09%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   111250      0.93%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      164      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    52870      0.44%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   68230      0.57%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2248      0.02%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1266748     10.64%     90.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  925619      7.77%     98.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               52614      0.44%     99.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              96194      0.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11909448                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        31060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        20414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           51474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        31060                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        20414                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          51474                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        24667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        37389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         62056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        24667                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        37389                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        62056                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1764939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2426474000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   4191413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1764939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2426474000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   4191413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        55727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       113530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        55727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       113530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.442640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.646835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.546604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.442640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.646835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.546604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71550.614181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64898.071625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67542.429419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71550.614181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64898.071625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67542.429419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        30642                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            30642                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        24667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        62056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        24667                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        62056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1715605000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2351696000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4067301000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1715605000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2351696000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4067301000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.442640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.646835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.546604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.442640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.646835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.546604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69550.614181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62898.071625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65542.429419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69550.614181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62898.071625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65542.429419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 69268                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        31060                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        20414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          51474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        24667                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        37389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        62056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1764939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2426474000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4191413000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        55727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       113530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.442640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.646835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.546604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71550.614181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64898.071625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67542.429419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        24667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1715605000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2351696000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4067301000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.442640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.646835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.546604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69550.614181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62898.071625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65542.429419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        40388                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        40388                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        40388                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        40388                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27809104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2010.403998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             150069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            69268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.166498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   200.185396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   316.128334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1494.090268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.097747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.154360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.729536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1995                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           225234                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          225234                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27809104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7713843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7713843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7713843                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7713843                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         115150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             115150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        115150                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            115150                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3668628000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3668628000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3668628000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3668628000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7828993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7828993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7828993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7828993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.014708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.014708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31859.557099                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31859.557099                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31859.557099                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31859.557099                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        115150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       115150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3438330000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3438330000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3438330000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3438330000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29859.574468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29859.574468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29859.574468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29859.574468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     114893                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7713843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7713843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        115150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            115150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3668628000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3668628000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7828993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7828993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.014708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31859.557099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31859.557099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       115150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3438330000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3438330000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29859.574468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29859.574468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27809104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.373147                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7544664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                114893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 65.666873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.373147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7944142                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7944142                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27809104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               62056                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              62056                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        30642                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       154754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       154754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 154754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      5932672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      5932672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 5932672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           215266000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          337187000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27809104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1578688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2392896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3971584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1578688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1578688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1961088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1961088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            24667                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            37389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                62056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         30642                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               30642                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           56768747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           86047217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              142815964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      56768747                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          56768747                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        70519640                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              70519640                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        70519640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          56768747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          86047217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             213335604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     28642.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     24667.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     36751.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004108490500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1647                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1647                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               159893                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               27047                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        62056                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       30642                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      62056                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     30642                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     638                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   2000                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               6121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              10659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               3152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              5474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              7261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               2389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               2373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     971362750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   307090000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2122950250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      15815.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 34565.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     29706                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    20254                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  48.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 70.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  62056                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 30642                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    61395                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    1110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1659                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1653                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        40076                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     143.782813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    101.655570                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    178.836823                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         24564     61.29%     61.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9950     24.83%     86.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2706      6.75%     92.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          832      2.08%     94.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          467      1.17%     96.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          307      0.77%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          250      0.62%     97.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          196      0.49%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          804      2.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         40076                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1647                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       37.248937                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      29.908272                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      76.950047                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           1635     99.27%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.36%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.06%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.06%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.06%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.06%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1647                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1647                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.377049                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.350311                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.951705                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               520     31.57%     31.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                18      1.09%     32.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              1077     65.39%     98.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                32      1.94%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1647                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3930752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    40832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1831680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3971584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1961088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        141.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         65.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     142.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      70.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    27807020000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      299974.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1578688                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2352064                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1831680                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 56768747.385748207569                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 84578920.629733338952                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 65866199.788385845721                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        24667                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        37389                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        30642                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    938530500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1184419750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 653472106250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     38048.02                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     31678.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  21326026.57                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     55.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             130569180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              69391575                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            208180980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            72662400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2194879440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        8644609740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3399024960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14719318275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         529.298545                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8746324250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    928460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18134319750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             155587740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              82696845                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            230343540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            76734000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2194879440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        8050843020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3899039040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14690123625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         528.248721                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10042186250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    928460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16838457750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27809104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27809104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27809104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2248520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2248520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2250362                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2250362                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          91501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              91501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         92298                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             92298                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3920136000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3920136000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3968636000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3968636000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2340021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2340021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2342660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2342660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.039103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.039399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42842.548169                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42842.548169                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42998.071464                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42998.071464                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           48810                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 48810                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        91501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         91501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        92298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3737134000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3737134000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3784040000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3784040000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40842.548169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40842.548169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40998.071464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40998.071464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      92042                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1261482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1261482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         56915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             56915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1710664000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1710664000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1318397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1318397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.043170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30056.470175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30056.470175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1596834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1596834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28056.470175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28056.470175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         987038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             987038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        34586                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            34586                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2209472000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2209472000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1021624                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1021624                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033854                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033854                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63883.421037                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63883.421037                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2140300000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2140300000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033854                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033854                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61883.421037                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61883.421037                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1842                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1842                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          797                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             797                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     48500000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     48500000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2639                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2639                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302008                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.302008                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60853.199498                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60853.199498                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          797                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          797                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     46906000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46906000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302008                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302008                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58853.199498                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58853.199498                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27809104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.459572                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2112959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 92042                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 22.956466                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.459572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2434958                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2434958                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27809104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27809104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27809104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           59422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           34495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               93917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          59422                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          34495                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              93917                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         55728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         57803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            113531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           113531                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2440056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3103135000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   5543191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2440056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3103135000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   5543191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        92298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          207448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        92298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         207448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.547274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.547274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43785.099053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53684.670346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48825.351666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43785.099053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53684.670346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48825.351666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          40388                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                40388                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       113531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       113531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2328602000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2987529000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5316131000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2328602000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2987529000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5316131000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.547274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.547274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41785.134941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51684.670346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46825.369282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41785.134941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51684.670346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46825.369282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    136023                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          59422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          34495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              93917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           113531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2440056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3103135000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5543191000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        92298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         207448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.547274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43785.099053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53684.670346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48825.351666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       113531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2328602000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2987529000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5316131000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.547274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41785.134941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51684.670346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46825.369282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        48810                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        48810                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        48810                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        48810                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27809104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.812390                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 237413                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               136023                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.745389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   118.769557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   114.048741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   277.994091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.231972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.222751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.542957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          463                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               392793                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              392793                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27809104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               207448                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              207447                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         48810                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       233406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       230299                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  463705                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9030912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7369536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 16400448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           575745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            451498000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           461490000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27809104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27809104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27809104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  27809104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                32334704000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 128090                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34351660                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   251793                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    54.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              591674346                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13760356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.032335                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 32334704000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1559409                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13760356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1537484                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2346                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1130374                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1079                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9150476                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           474                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         32334704                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   32334704                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8433541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4557308                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1161124                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 403600                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        403600                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               616283                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              266058                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      275126                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13462401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13462401                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25995195                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10864965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1535772                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2666047                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1130275                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 72686      0.53%      0.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10700726     77.76%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    36228      0.26%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35108      0.26%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4151      0.03%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10940      0.08%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   111250      0.81%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      164      0.00%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    52870      0.38%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   68230      0.50%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2248      0.02%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1483158     10.78%     91.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1034081      7.51%     98.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               52614      0.38%     99.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              96194      0.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13760682                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        33260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        21444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           54704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        33260                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        21444                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          54704                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        31696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        39100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         70796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        31696                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        39100                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        70796                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2266189000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2543145000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   4809334000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2266189000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2543145000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   4809334000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       125500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       125500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.487961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.645811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.564112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.487961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.645811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.564112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71497.633771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65042.071611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67932.284310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71497.633771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65042.071611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67932.284310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        31916                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            31916                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        70796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        70796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2202797000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2464945000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4667742000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2202797000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2464945000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4667742000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.487961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.645811                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.564112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.487961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.645811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.564112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69497.633771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63042.071611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65932.284310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69497.633771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63042.071611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65932.284310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 78738                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        33260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        21444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          54704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        31696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        39100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        70796                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2266189000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2543145000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4809334000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       125500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.487961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.645811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.564112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71497.633771                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65042.071611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67932.284310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        70796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2202797000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2464945000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4667742000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.487961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.645811                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.564112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69497.633771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63042.071611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65932.284310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        41607                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        41607                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        41607                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        41607                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32334704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2015.665975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             167107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            80786                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.068514                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   211.053987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   334.554258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1470.057730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.103054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.163357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.717802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          666                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1363                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           247893                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          247893                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32334704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9000030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9000030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9000030                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9000030                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         150446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             150446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        150446                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            150446                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4722212000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4722212000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4722212000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4722212000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9150476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9150476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31388.086091                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31388.086091                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31388.086091                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31388.086091                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        150446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       150446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4421320000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4421320000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4421320000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4421320000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29388.086091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29388.086091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29388.086091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29388.086091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     150190                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9000030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9000030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        150446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            150446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4722212000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4722212000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9150476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.016441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31388.086091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31388.086091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       150446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4421320000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4421320000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29388.086091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29388.086091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32334704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.600843                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9150476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                150446                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 60.822328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.600843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9300922                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9300922                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32334704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               70796                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              70796                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        31916                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       173508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       173508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 173508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      6573568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      6573568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6573568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           230376000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          385192500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32334704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         2028544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2502400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             4530944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      2028544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        2028544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      2042624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          2042624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            31696                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            39100                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                70796                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         31916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               31916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           62735815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           77390534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              140126348                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      62735815                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          62735815                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        63171260                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              63171260                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        63171260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          62735815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          77390534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             203297609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     29581.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     31696.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     38462.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004297563750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1700                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1700                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               179788                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               27932                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        70796                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       31916                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      70796                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     31916                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     638                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   2335                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               6507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              10727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               3189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              7527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             12282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              3410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               2422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               2017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               2422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.07                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1132676250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   350790000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2448138750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      16144.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 34894.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     33381                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    20871                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  47.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 70.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  70796                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 31916                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    70135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    1150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    1169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        45462                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     140.374291                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    101.251050                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    170.517264                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         27495     60.48%     60.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12048     26.50%     86.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2994      6.59%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          862      1.90%     95.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          485      1.07%     96.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          314      0.69%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          255      0.56%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          199      0.44%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          810      1.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         45462                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1700                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       41.264118                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      30.372066                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     108.124801                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           1683     99.00%     99.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.35%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.06%     99.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.06%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.06%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.12%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.06%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            2      0.12%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.06%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1700                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1700                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.385882                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.359053                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.953560                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               532     31.29%     31.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                19      1.12%     32.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              1110     65.29%     97.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                39      2.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1700                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 4490112                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    40832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1891584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  4530944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               2042624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        138.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         58.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     140.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      63.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    32324051000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      314705.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      2028544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2461568                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1891584                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 62735814.745667688549                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 76127741.883766740561                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 58500118.015615671873                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        31696                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        39100                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        31916                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1204257000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1243881750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 769673070500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     37993.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     31812.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  24115586.87                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     54.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             163727340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              87023145                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            263744460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            74849580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2551985280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       10460726640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3607493760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         17209550205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         532.231568                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9269846250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1079520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  21985337750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             160871340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              85505145                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            237183660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            79432740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2551985280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        8471021940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5283034560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         16869034665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         521.700606                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13636308000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1079520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  17618876000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32334704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32334704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32334704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2562280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2562280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2570356                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2570356                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          93391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              93391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         97176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             97176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3999200000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3999200000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4166199000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4166199000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2655671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2655671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2667532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2667532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.035167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.036429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42822.113480                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42822.113480                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42872.715485                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42872.715485                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           50706                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 50706                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        93391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         93391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        97176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        97176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3812418000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3812418000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3971847000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3971847000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40822.113480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40822.113480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40872.715485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40872.715485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      96920                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1467687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1467687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         57898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             57898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1745875000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1745875000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1525585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1525585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.037951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30154.323120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30154.323120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        57898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1630079000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1630079000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28154.323120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28154.323120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1094593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1094593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        35493                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            35493                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2253325000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2253325000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1130086                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1130086                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031407                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031407                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63486.462119                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63486.462119                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2182339000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2182339000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031407                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031407                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61486.462119                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61486.462119                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8076                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8076                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         3785                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3785                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    166999000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total    166999000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11861                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         11861                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.319113                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.319113                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44121.268164                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44121.268164                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3785                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         3785                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    159429000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    159429000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.319113                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.319113                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42121.268164                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42121.268164                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32334704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.535211                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2667532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 97176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 27.450523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.535211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2764708                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2764708                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32334704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32334704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32334704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           85490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           36632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              122122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          85490                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          36632                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             122122                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         64956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         60544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            125500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           125500                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3047225000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3252017000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6299242000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3047225000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3252017000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6299242000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        97176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          247622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        97176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         247622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.506821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.506821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 46912.140526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53713.282902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50193.163347                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 46912.140526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53713.282902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50193.163347                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          41607                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                41607                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       125500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       125500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2917313000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3130929000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6048242000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2917313000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3130929000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6048242000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44912.140526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51713.282902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48193.163347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44912.140526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51713.282902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48193.163347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    149066                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          85490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          36632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             122122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           125500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3047225000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3252017000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6299242000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        97176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         247622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.506821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 46912.140526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53713.282902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50193.163347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       125500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2917313000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3130929000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6048242000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44912.140526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51713.282902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48193.163347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        50706                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        50706                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        50706                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        50706                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32334704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.978609                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 298328                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               149578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.994464                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   117.264811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   132.788772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   260.925026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.229033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.259353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.509619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               447906                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              447906                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32334704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               247622                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              247622                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         50706                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       245058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       300892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  545950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9464448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9628544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 19092992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           752230000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            501152000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           485880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32334704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32334704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32334704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  32334704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
