
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                13088106000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  50218                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34199612                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    59795                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    19.91                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              657242693                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000014                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1190737                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.013088                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13088106000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             47725                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000014                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1190737                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4619                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      856967                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          3343                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1563274                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         13088095                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   13088095                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               237609                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              182574                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        46584                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 810537                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        810537                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               811048                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         793                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1191616                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1191616                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3022754                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             287112                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4604                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        861570                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     856966                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    329999     27.68%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.01%     27.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     27.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     27.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     27.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     27.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     27.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     27.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     27.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     27.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     27.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     27.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.01%     27.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     27.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.01%     27.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.02%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4502      0.38%     28.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   47149      3.95%     32.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.01%     32.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             809817     67.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1192406                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    90                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       106743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        107247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       106743                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       107247                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29735000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6598626000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   6628361000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29735000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6598626000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   6628361000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       106755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       107332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       106755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       107332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.015873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61817.880329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61804.628568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.015873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61817.880329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61804.628568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        98487                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            98487                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       107247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       107247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28727000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6385140000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6413867000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28727000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6385140000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6413867000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.015873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59817.880329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59804.628568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.015873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59817.880329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59804.628568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 99055                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       106743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       107247                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29735000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6598626000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6628361000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       106755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       107332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.015873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61817.880329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61804.628568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       107247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28727000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6385140000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6413867000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.015873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59817.880329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59804.628568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       106183                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       106183                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       106183                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       106183                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13088106000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7851.550581                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             197643                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            99055                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.995285                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    20.922333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  7830.628248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.955887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.958441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          740                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7370                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           320762                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          320762                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13088106000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1562635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1562635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1562635                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1562635                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40639000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40639000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1563274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1563274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1563274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1563274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63597.809077                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63597.809077                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63597.809077                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63597.809077                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39361000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39361000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39361000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39361000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61597.809077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61597.809077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61597.809077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61597.809077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1562635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1562635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40639000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40639000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1563274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1563274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63597.809077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63597.809077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39361000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39361000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61597.809077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61597.809077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13088106000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.408978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   14346                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 34.402878                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.408978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.864879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.864879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1563913                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1563913                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13088106000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              107247                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             107247                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        98487                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       312981                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       312981                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 312981                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     13166976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     13166976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                13166976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           599682000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          564471750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13088106000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         6831552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             6863808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      6303168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          6303168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           106743                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               107247                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         98487                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               98487                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2464528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          521966433                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              524430960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2464528                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2464528                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       481595122                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             481595122                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       481595122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2464528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         521966433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1006026082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     98487.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    106743.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000055902500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          5898                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          5898                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               310637                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               92726                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       107247                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       98487                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     107247                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     98487                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               6731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               6684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               6691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               6702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               6694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               6694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               6683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               6660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               6670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               6736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              6704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              6699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              6695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              6742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              6737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               6144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               6144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               6144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               6144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               6144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               6144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               6144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               6144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               6146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               6200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              6160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              6174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              6156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              6173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              6151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              6144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1050092000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   536235000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               3060973250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9791.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28541.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     96924                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    90067                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 107247                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 98487                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   107247                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    1968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    2088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    5888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    5900                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    5910                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    5899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    5899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    5899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    5899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    5899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    5900                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    5899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    5931                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    5899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    5899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    5899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    5898                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    5898                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        18711                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     703.548501                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    522.940150                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    387.572498                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           798      4.26%      4.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3822     20.43%     24.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          815      4.36%     29.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          608      3.25%     32.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          932      4.98%     37.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          617      3.30%     40.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          649      3.47%     44.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          778      4.16%     48.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         9692     51.80%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         18711                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         5898                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       18.181248                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.713701                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     107.339689                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511           5897     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           5898                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         5898                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.693116                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.666919                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.946468                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              3811     64.62%     64.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                99      1.68%     66.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              1975     33.49%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                13      0.22%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           5898                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 6863808                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  6301184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  6863808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               6303168                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        524.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        481.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     524.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     481.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    13088004000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       63616.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      6831552                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      6301184                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2464527.716997401789                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 521966432.729074776173                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 481443533.541063904762                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       106743                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        98487                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12942500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   3048030750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 294714454500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25679.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28554.85                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2992419.86                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              67030320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              35623665                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            383475120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           257366880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1032595200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3109791180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2407061280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7292943645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         557.219176                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6159822000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    436800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6491484000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              66573360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              35384580                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            382268460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           256573440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1032595200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3106598040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2409750240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7289743320                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         556.974655                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6167159750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    436800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6484146250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13088106000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13088106000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13088106000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           753094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               753094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          753094                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              753094                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         106823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             106823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        106823                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            106823                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8414492000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8414492000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8414492000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8414492000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       859917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           859917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       859917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          859917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78770.414611                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78770.414611                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78770.414611                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78770.414611                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          106463                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                106463                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        106823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       106823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8200848000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8200848000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8200848000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8200848000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76770.433334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76770.433334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76770.433334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76770.433334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     106566                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         748632                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             748632                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       106666                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           106666                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8405976000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   8405976000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       855298                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         855298                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124712                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124712                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78806.517541                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78806.517541                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106666                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       106666                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8192646000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8192646000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124712                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124712                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76806.536291                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76806.536291                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13088106000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.479404                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  857869                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                106566                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.050119                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.479404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                966739                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               966739                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13088106000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13088106000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13088106000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        106756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            107333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       106756                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           107333                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36228000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7772955000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7809183000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36228000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7772955000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7809183000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       106823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          107462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       106823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         107462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.998800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.998800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62786.828423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72810.474353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72756.589306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62786.828423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72810.474353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72756.589306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         106183                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               106183                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       107333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106756                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       107333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35074000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7559445000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7594519000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35074000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7559445000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7594519000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60786.828423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70810.493087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70756.607940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60786.828423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70810.493087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70756.607940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    106965                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       106756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           107333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36228000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7772955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7809183000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       106823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         107462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.998800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62786.828423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72810.474353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72756.589306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       107333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7559445000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7594519000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60786.828423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70810.493087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70756.607940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       106463                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       106463                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       106463                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       106463                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13088106000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.371555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 213156                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               106965                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.992764                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.374198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.187900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   506.809457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               321402                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              321402                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13088106000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               107462                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              107461                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        106463                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       320108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  321386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     13650240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13691136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            639777000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           534110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13088106000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13088106000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13088106000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  13088106000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                26363510000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  56719                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34200276                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    67059                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    35.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              747640399                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000008                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2364643                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.026364                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26363510000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             91203                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000008                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2364643                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4619                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1728225                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          6739                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3131878                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         26363499                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   26363499                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               454999                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              356486                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        90062                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1636619                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1636619                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1637130                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         793                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               2367220                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      2367220                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6029528                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             547980                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4604                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1732828                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1728224                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    634345     26.79%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.01%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.01%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.01%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4502      0.19%     27.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   92325      3.90%     30.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            1635899     69.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2368010                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    90                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       215438                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        215942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       215438                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       215942                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29735000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13367277000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  13397012000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29735000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13367277000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  13397012000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       215450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       216027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       215450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       216027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.015873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62046.978713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62039.862556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.015873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62046.978713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62039.862556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       207182                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           207182                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       215942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215438                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       215942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28727000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12936401000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12965128000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28727000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12936401000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12965128000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.015873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60046.978713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60039.862556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.015873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60046.978713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60039.862556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                207750                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       215438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       215942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29735000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13367277000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13397012000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       215450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       216027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.015873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62046.978713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62039.862556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       215942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28727000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12936401000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12965128000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.015873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60046.978713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60039.862556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       214878                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       214878                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       214878                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       214878                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         8022.984642                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             415033                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           207750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.997752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    10.386846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8012.597796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.978100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          733                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7364                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           646847                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          646847                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3131239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3131239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3131239                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3131239                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40639000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40639000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3131878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3131878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3131878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3131878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63597.809077                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63597.809077                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63597.809077                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63597.809077                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39361000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39361000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39361000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39361000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61597.809077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61597.809077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61597.809077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61597.809077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3131239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3131239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40639000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40639000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3131878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3131878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63597.809077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63597.809077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39361000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39361000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61597.809077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61597.809077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.706588                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   14346                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 34.402878                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.706588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3132517                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3132517                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              215942                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             215942                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       207182                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       639066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       639066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 639066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     27079936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     27079936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                27079936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1251852000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1136478500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        13788032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            13820288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     13259648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         13259648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           215438                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               215942                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        207182                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              207182                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1223509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          522996824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              524220333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1223509                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1223509                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       502954576                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             502954576                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       502954576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1223509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         522996824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1027174910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    207182.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    215438.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000055902500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         12406                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         12406                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               633844                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              195090                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       215942                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      207182                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     215942                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    207182                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              13515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              13468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              13475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              13486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              13478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              13478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              13467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              13444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              13454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              13520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             13488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             13483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             13479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             13526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             13548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             13633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              12928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              12928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              12928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              12928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              12928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              12928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              12928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              12928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              12930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              12984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             12944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             12958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             12940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             12957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             12993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             13025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    2165245000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1079710000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               6214157500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10026.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28776.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    195094                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   189497                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 215942                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                207182                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   215942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    4161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    4417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   12386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   12410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   12440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   12407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   12407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   12407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   12407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   12407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   12410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   12407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   12471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   12406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   12406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   12406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   12406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   12406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        38505                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     703.218803                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    522.823936                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    387.431480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1606      4.17%      4.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7896     20.51%     24.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1661      4.31%     28.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1267      3.29%     32.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1934      5.02%     37.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1281      3.33%     40.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1335      3.47%     44.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1635      4.25%     48.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        19890     51.66%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         38505                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12406                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.405288                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.693593                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      74.014724                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          12405     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          12406                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12406                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.697969                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.671616                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.949311                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              7990     64.40%     64.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               212      1.71%     66.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              4165     33.57%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                39      0.31%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          12406                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                13820288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 13257920                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 13820288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              13259648                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        524.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        502.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     524.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     502.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    26363408000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       62306.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     13788032                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     13257920                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1223509.312682567630                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 522996824.019259989262                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 502889031.088804185390                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       215438                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       207182                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12942500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   6201215000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 618343577500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25679.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28784.22                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2984542.95                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             137859120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              73270065                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            772055340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           541475820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2080556400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6259086780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4852777920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14717081445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         558.236799                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12414629000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    880100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  13068781000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             137073720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              72856410                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            769770540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           539873280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2080556400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6244184700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4865327040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14709642090                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         557.954616                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12448102500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    880100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  13035307500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1513959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1513959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1513959                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1513959                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         215518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             215518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        215518                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            215518                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17030958000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17030958000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17030958000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17030958000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1729477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1729477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1729477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1729477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79023.366958                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79023.366958                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79023.366958                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79023.366958                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          215158                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                215158                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        215518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       215518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16599924000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16599924000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16599924000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16599924000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77023.376238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77023.376238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77023.376238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77023.376238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     215261                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1509497                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1509497                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       215361                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           215361                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17022442000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  17022442000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1724858                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1724858                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124857                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124857                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79041.432757                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79041.432757                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215361                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       215361                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16591722000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16591722000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124857                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124857                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77041.442044                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77041.442044                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.245104                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1727429                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                215261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.024812                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.245104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1944994                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1944994                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        215451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            216028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       215451                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           216028                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36228000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15737251000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  15773479000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36228000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15737251000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  15773479000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       215518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          216157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       215518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         216157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62786.828423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73043.295227                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73015.900717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62786.828423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73043.295227                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73015.900717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         214878                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               214878                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       216028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       216028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35074000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15306351000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15341425000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35074000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15306351000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15341425000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60786.828423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71043.304510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71015.909975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60786.828423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71043.304510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71015.909975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    215660                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       215451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           216028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36228000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15737251000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15773479000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       215518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         216157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62786.828423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73043.295227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73015.900717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       216028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15306351000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15341425000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60786.828423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71043.304510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71015.909975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       215158                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       215158                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       215158                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       215158                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.695114                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 430546                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               215660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.185770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.086178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   509.423166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               647487                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              647487                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               216157                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              216156                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        215158                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       646193                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  647471                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     27563200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 27604096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1291947000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1077585000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  26363510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                39637526000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  59133                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34200408                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    69748                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    50.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              781294092                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3538549                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.039638                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 39637526000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            134681                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3538549                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4619                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2599484                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         10137                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4700484                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         39637515                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   39637515                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               672389                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              530398                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       133540                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2462701                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2462701                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2463212                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         793                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3542825                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3542825                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             9036306                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             808848                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4604                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2604087                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    2599483                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    938691     26.49%     26.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.01%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4502      0.13%     26.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  137502      3.88%     30.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            2461981     69.48%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3543615                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    90                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       324133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        324637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       324133                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       324637                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29735000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20134536000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  20164271000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29735000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20134536000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  20164271000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       324145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       324722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       324145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       324722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.015873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62118.130520                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62113.286532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.015873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62118.130520                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62113.286532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       315877                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           315877                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       324637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       324637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28727000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19486270000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19514997000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28727000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19486270000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19514997000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.015873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60118.130520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60113.286532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.015873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60118.130520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60113.286532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                316445                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       324133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       324637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29735000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20134536000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20164271000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       324145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       324722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.015873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62118.130520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62113.286532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       324637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28727000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19486270000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19514997000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.015873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60118.130520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60113.286532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       323573                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       323573                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       323573                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       323573                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39637526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         8079.585363                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             632423                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           316445                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998524                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     6.908446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8072.676917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          735                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7375                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           972932                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          972932                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39637526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4699845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4699845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4699845                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4699845                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40639000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40639000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4700484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4700484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4700484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4700484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63597.809077                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63597.809077                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63597.809077                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63597.809077                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39361000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39361000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39361000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39361000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61597.809077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61597.809077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61597.809077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61597.809077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4699845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4699845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40639000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40639000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4700484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4700484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63597.809077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63597.809077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39361000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39361000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61597.809077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61597.809077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39637526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.804847                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   14346                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 34.402878                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.804847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4701123                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4701123                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39637526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              324637                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             324637                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       315877                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       965151                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       965151                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 965151                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     40992896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     40992896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                40992896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1904022000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1708491250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39637526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        20744512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            20776768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     20216128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         20216128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           324133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               324637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        315877                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              315877                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             813774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          523355368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              524169142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        813774                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            813774                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       510024970                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             510024970                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       510024970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            813774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         523355368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1034194112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    315877.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    324133.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000055902500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         18918                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         18918                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               957044                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              297480                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       324637                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      315877                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     324637                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    315877                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              20427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              20271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              20259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              20270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              20262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              20262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              20251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              20228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              20238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              20304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             20272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             20267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             20263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             20310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             20332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             20421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              19840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              19716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              19712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              19712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              19712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              19712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              19712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              19712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              19714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              19768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             19728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             19742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             19724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             19741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             19777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             19840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3279000000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1623185000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               9365943750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10100.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28850.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    293245                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   288949                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 324637                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                315877                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   324637                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    6330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    6724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   18884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   18923                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   18963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   18918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   18918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   18918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   18918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   18918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   18922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   18918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   19018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   18918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   18918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   18918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   18918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   18918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        58303                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     703.064748                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    522.640804                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    387.481370                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2416      4.14%      4.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11981     20.55%     24.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2511      4.31%     29.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1918      3.29%     32.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2927      5.02%     37.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1952      3.35%     40.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2018      3.46%     44.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2477      4.25%     48.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        30103     51.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         58303                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18918                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.160218                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.684400                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      59.939912                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          18917     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          18918                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18918                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.696374                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.670080                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.948200                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             12194     64.46%     64.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               328      1.73%     66.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              6342     33.52%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                54      0.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          18918                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                20776768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 20215168                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 20776768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              20216128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        524.17                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        510.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     524.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     510.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    39637424000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       61883.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     20744512                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     20215168                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 813774.300646311836                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 523355367.840061485767                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 510000750.299097895622                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       324133                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       315877                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12942500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   9353001250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 942026790000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25679.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28855.44                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2982258.25                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             208416600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             110776050                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1159585980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           824937480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      3128517600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        9400083180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7304950560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         22137267450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         558.492663                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18686178000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1323400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  19627948000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             207881100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             110483835                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1158322200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           823851720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      3128517600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9388997820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7314285600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         22132339875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.368347                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18711170250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1323400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  19602955750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39637526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39637526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39637526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2274824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2274824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2274824                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2274824                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         324213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             324213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        324213                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            324213                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25646032000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25646032000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25646032000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25646032000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2599037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2599037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2599037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2599037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79102.417238                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79102.417238                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79102.417238                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79102.417238                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          323853                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                323853                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        324213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       324213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24997608000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24997608000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24997608000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24997608000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77102.423407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77102.423407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77102.423407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77102.423407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     323956                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2270362                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2270362                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       324056                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           324056                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25637516000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  25637516000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      2594418                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        2594418                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124905                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124905                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79114.461698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79114.461698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324056                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       324056                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24989406000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24989406000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124905                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124905                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77114.467870                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77114.467870                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39637526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.497907                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2596989                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                323956                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.016487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.497907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2923249                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2923249                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39637526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39637526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39637526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        324146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            324723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       324146                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           324723                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36228000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23700155000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  23736383000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36228000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23700155000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  23736383000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       324213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          324852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       324213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         324852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62786.828423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73115.679354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73097.326029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62786.828423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73115.679354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73097.326029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         323573                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               323573                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       324723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       324723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35074000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23051865000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23086939000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35074000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23051865000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23086939000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60786.828423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71115.685524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71097.332188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60786.828423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71115.685524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71097.332188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    324355                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       324146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           324723                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36228000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23700155000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23736383000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       324213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         324852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62786.828423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73115.679354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73097.326029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       324723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23051865000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23086939000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60786.828423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71115.685524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71097.332188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       323853                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       323853                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       323853                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       323853                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39637526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.132101                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 647936                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               324355                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997614                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.123558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.722433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.286110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               973572                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              973572                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39637526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               324852                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              324851                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        323853                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       972278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  973556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     41476160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 41517056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1944117000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1621060000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39637526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39637526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39637526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  39637526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                52913496000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  65300                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34200408                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    76931                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    61.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              863810502                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000007                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4712467                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.052913                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 52913496000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            178159                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4712467                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4619                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     3470752                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         13533                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6269106                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         52913485                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   52913485                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               889779                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              704312                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       177018                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3288792                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3288792                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3289304                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         793                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4718441                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4718441                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            12043112                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1069718                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4604                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3475355                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    3470751                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1243039     26.34%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4502      0.10%     26.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  182679      3.87%     30.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3288072     69.67%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4719231                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    90                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       432830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        433334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       432830                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       433334                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29735000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26903667000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  26933402000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29735000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26903667000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  26933402000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       432842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       433419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       432842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       433419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.015873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62157.583809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62153.908994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.015873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62157.583809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62153.908994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       424574                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           424574                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       433334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       433334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28727000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26038007000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26066734000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28727000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26038007000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26066734000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.015873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60157.583809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60153.908994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.015873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60157.583809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60153.908994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                425142                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       432830                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       433334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29735000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26903667000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26933402000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       432842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       433419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.015873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62157.583809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62153.908994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       433334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28727000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26038007000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26066734000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.015873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60157.583809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60153.908994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       432270                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       432270                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       432270                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       432270                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52913496000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         8107.790140                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             849817                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           425142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998902                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     5.175120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8102.615020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          736                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7358                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1299023                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1299023                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52913496000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6268467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6268467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6268467                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6268467                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40639000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40639000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6269106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6269106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6269106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6269106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63597.809077                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63597.809077                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63597.809077                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63597.809077                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39361000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39361000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39361000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39361000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61597.809077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61597.809077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61597.809077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61597.809077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6268467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6268467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40639000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40639000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6269106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6269106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63597.809077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63597.809077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39361000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39361000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61597.809077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61597.809077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52913496000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.853811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   14346                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 34.402878                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.853811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6269745                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6269745                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52913496000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              433334                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             433334                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       424574                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1291242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1291242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1291242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     54906112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     54906112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                54906112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2556204000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2280504000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52913496000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        27701120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            27733376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     27172736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         27172736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           432830                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               433334                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        424574                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              424574                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             609599                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          523517100                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              524126699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        609599                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            609599                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       513531293                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             513531293                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       513531293                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            609599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         523517100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1037657992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    424574.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    432830.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000055902500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         25426                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         25426                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1280262                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              399831                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       433334                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      424574                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     433334                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    424574                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              27211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              27164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              27087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              27054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              27046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              27046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              27035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              27012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              27022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              27088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             27056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             27051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             27047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             27094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             27116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             27205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              26624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              26624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              26519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              26496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              26496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              26496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              26496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              26496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              26498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              26552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             26512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             26526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             26508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             26525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             26561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             26624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.07                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4394533500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2166670000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              12519546000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10141.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28891.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    391417                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   388374                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 433334                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                424574                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   433334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    8523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    9049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   25383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   25433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   25493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   25427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   25426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   25426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   25426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   25426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   25432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   25426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   25559                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   25426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   25426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   25426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   25426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   25426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        78094                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     703.047712                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    522.584665                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    387.506539                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3231      4.14%      4.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16059     20.56%     24.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3362      4.31%     29.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2558      3.28%     32.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3929      5.03%     37.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2603      3.33%     40.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2714      3.48%     44.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3325      4.26%     48.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        40313     51.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         78094                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        25426                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.042791                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.681941                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      51.705169                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          25425    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          25426                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        25426                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.697593                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.671256                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.949000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             16378     64.41%     64.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               437      1.72%     66.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              8533     33.56%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                78      0.31%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          25426                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                27733376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 27171392                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 27733376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              27172736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        524.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        513.51                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     524.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     513.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    52913428000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       61677.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     27701120                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     27171392                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 609598.730728357099                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 523517100.438799202442                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 513505892.712135314941                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       432830                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       424574                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12942500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  12506603500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1265659578250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25679.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28894.96                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2981010.56                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             278974080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             148278240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1547088060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1108237320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4176478800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       12539715000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9759022560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         29557794060                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         558.605957                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  24963736500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1766700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  26183059500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             278631360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             148088490                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1546916700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1107929340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4176478800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       12537141450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        9761189760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         29556375900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.579155                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  24969357500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1766700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  26177438500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52913496000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52913496000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52913496000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3035697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3035697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3035697                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3035697                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         432910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             432910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        432910                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            432910                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34263012000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34263012000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34263012000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34263012000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3468607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3468607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3468607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3468607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79145.808598                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79145.808598                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79145.808598                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79145.808598                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          432550                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                432550                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        432910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       432910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33397194000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33397194000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33397194000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33397194000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77145.813218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77145.813218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77145.813218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77145.813218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     432653                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        3031235                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            3031235                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       432753                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           432753                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34254496000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  34254496000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      3463988                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        3463988                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124929                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124929                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79154.843525                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79154.843525                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432753                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       432753                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33388992000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33388992000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124929                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124929                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77154.848147                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77154.848147                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52913496000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.623882                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3466565                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                432653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.012345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.623882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3901516                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3901516                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52913496000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52913496000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52913496000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        432843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            433420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       432843                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           433420                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36228000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31664953000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  31701181000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36228000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31664953000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  31701181000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       432910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          433549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       432910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         433549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62786.828423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73155.747003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73141.943150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62786.828423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73155.747003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73141.943150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         432270                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               432270                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       433420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       433420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35074000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30799269000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30834343000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35074000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30799269000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30834343000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60786.828423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71155.751624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71141.947764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60786.828423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71155.751624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71141.947764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    433052                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       432843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           433420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36228000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31664953000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31701181000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       432910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         433549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62786.828423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73155.747003                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73141.943150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       433420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30799269000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30834343000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60786.828423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71155.751624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71141.947764                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       432550                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       432550                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       432550                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       432550                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52913496000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.349856                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 865330                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               433052                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.092557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.541175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.716124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1299663                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1299663                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52913496000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               433549                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              433548                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        432550                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1298369                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1299647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     55389376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 55430272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2596299000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2164545000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52913496000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52913496000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52913496000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  52913496000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                66186727000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  75706                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34200652                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    89126                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    66.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1002140449                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5886373                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.066187                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 66186727000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            221637                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5886373                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4619                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     4342011                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         16931                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7837712                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         66186716                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   66186716                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1107169                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              878224                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       220496                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4114874                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4114874                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4115386                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         793                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5894046                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5894046                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15049890                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1330586                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4604                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       4346614                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4342010                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1547385     26.25%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4502      0.08%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  227856      3.87%     30.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            4114154     69.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5894836                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    90                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       541525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        542029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       541525                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       542029                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29735000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33670141000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  33699876000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29735000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33670141000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  33699876000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       541537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       542114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       541537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       542114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.015873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62176.521860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62173.566359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.015873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62176.521860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62173.566359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       533269                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           533269                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       542029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       542029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28727000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32587091000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32615818000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28727000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32587091000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32615818000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.015873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60176.521860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60173.566359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.015873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60176.521860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60173.566359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                533837                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       541525                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       542029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29735000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33670141000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33699876000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       541537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       542114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.015873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62176.521860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62173.566359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       542029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28727000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32587091000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32615818000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.015873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60176.521860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60173.566359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       540965                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       540965                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       540965                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       540965                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66186727000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         8124.677770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1067207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           533837                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999125                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     4.137290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8120.540479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          736                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1625108                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1625108                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66186727000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7837073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7837073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7837073                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7837073                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40639000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40639000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7837712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7837712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7837712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7837712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63597.809077                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63597.809077                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63597.809077                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63597.809077                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39361000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39361000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39361000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39361000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61597.809077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61597.809077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61597.809077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61597.809077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7837073                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7837073                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40639000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40639000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7837712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7837712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63597.809077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63597.809077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39361000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39361000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61597.809077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61597.809077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66186727000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.883128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   14346                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 34.402878                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.883128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7838351                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7838351                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66186727000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              542029                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             542029                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       533269                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1617327                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1617327                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1617327                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     68819072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     68819072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                68819072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3208374000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2852524250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66186727000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        34657600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            34689856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     34129216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         34129216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           541525                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               542029                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        533269                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              533269                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             487348                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          523633689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              524121037                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        487348                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            487348                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       515650457                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             515650457                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       515650457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            487348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         523633689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1039771494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    533269.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    541525.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000055902500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         31934                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         31934                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1603474                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              502201                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       542029                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      533269                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     542029                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    533269                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              33995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              33948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              33955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              33905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              33830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              33830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              33819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              33796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              33806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              33872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             33840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             33835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             33831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             33878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             33900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             33989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              33408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              33408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              33408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              33322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              33280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              33280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              33280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              33280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              33282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              33336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             33296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             33310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             33292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             33309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             33345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             33408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5507496000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2710145000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              15670539750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10160.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28910.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    489565                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   487810                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 542029                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                533269                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   542029                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   10711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   11375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   31879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   31943                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   31935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   31935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   31935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   31935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   31935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   31942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   31934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   31934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   31934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   31934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   31934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   31934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        97897                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     702.952695                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    522.590757                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    387.451017                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4032      4.12%      4.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        20137     20.57%     24.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4218      4.31%     29.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3222      3.29%     32.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4931      5.04%     37.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3278      3.35%     40.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3393      3.47%     44.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         4175      4.26%     48.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        50511     51.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         97897                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        31934                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.973163                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.680415                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      46.138714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          31933    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          31934                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        31934                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.698315                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.671952                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.949473                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             20560     64.38%     64.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               552      1.73%     66.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             10718     33.56%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               104      0.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          31934                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                34689856                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 34127616                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 34689856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              34129216                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        524.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        515.63                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     524.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     515.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    66186659000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       61551.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     34657600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     34127616                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 487348.467918650829                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 523633688.669935286045                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 515626282.592882990837                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       541525                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       533269                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12942500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  15657597250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1589243033750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25679.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28913.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2980190.17                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             349467300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             185746275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1934590140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1391537160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      5224440000.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       15675095760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       12215622720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         36976499355                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         558.669404                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  31246954750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2210000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  32729772250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             349524420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             185772840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1935496920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1391996520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      5224440000.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15686248380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       12206231040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         36979710120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.717915                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  31221988750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2210000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  32754738250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66186727000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66186727000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66186727000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3796562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3796562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3796562                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3796562                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         541605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             541605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        541605                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            541605                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42877301000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42877301000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42877301000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42877301000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      4338167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          4338167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      4338167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4338167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79167.107024                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79167.107024                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79167.107024                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79167.107024                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          541245                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                541245                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        541605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541605                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       541605                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41794093000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41794093000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41794093000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41794093000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124847                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124847                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124847                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124847                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77167.110717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77167.110717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77167.110717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77167.110717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     541348                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        3792100                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            3792100                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       541448                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           541448                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42868785000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  42868785000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4333548                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        4333548                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124943                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124943                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79174.334377                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79174.334377                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541448                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       541448                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41785891000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41785891000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124943                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124943                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77174.338071                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77174.338071                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66186727000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.699310                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 4336125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                541348                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.009866                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.699310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               4879771                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              4879771                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66186727000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66186727000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66186727000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        541538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            542115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       541538                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           542115                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36228000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39627072000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  39663300000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36228000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39627072000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  39663300000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       541605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          542244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       541605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         542244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62786.828423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73175.053274                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73163.996569                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62786.828423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73175.053274                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73163.996569                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         540965                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               540965                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       542115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       542115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35074000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38543998000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38579072000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35074000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38543998000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38579072000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60786.828423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71175.056967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71164.000258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60786.828423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71175.056967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71164.000258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    541747                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       541538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           542115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36228000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39627072000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39663300000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       541605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         542244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62786.828423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73175.053274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73163.996569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       542115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38543998000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38579072000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60786.828423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71175.056967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71164.000258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       541245                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       541245                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       541245                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       541245                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66186727000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.480238                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1082720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               541747                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.073996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.432647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.973595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1625748                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1625748                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66186727000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               542244                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              542243                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        541245                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1624454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1625732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     69302336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 69343232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3248469000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2708020000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66186727000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66186727000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66186727000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  66186727000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                79462742000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  85618                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34200652                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   100747                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    70.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1133898727                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000007                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7060294                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.079463                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 79462742000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            265116                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7060294                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4619                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     5213279                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         20327                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9406334                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         79462731                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   79462731                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1324564                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1052138                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       263975                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4940966                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4940966                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4941477                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         793                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7069665                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7069665                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18056701                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1591458                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4604                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       5217882                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    5213278                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1851736     26.19%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4502      0.06%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  273032      3.86%     30.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            4940246     69.87%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7070455                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    90                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       650221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        650725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       650221                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       650725                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29735000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40439332000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  40469067000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29735000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40439332000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  40469067000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       650233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       650810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       650233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       650810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.015873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62193.211231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62190.736486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.015873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62193.211231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62190.736486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       641965                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           641965                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       650725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650221                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       650725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28727000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39138890000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39167617000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28727000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39138890000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39167617000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999869                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999869                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.015873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60193.211231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60190.736486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.015873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60193.211231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60190.736486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                642533                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       650221                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       650725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29735000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40439332000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  40469067000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       650233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       650810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.015873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62193.211231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62190.736486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       650725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28727000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39138890000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39167617000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.015873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60193.211231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60190.736486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       649661                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       649661                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       649661                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       649661                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79462742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         8135.925443                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1284599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           642533                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     3.446064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8132.479378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          737                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1951196                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1951196                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79462742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9405695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9405695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9405695                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9405695                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40639000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40639000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9406334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9406334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9406334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9406334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63597.809077                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63597.809077                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63597.809077                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63597.809077                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39361000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39361000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39361000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39361000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61597.809077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61597.809077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61597.809077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61597.809077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9405695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9405695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40639000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40639000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9406334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9406334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63597.809077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63597.809077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39361000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39361000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61597.809077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61597.809077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79462742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.902654                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   14346                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 34.402878                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.902654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9406973                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9406973                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79462742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              650725                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             650725                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       641965                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1943415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1943415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1943415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     82732160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     82732160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                82732160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3860550000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3424524500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79462742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        41614144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            41646400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     41085760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         41085760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           650221                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               650725                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        641965                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              641965                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             405926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          523693783                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              524099710                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        405926                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            405926                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       517044328                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             517044328                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       517044328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            405926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         523693783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1041144037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    641965.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    650221.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000055902500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         38445                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         38445                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1926669                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              604561                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       650725                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      641965                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     650725                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    641965                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              40779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              40732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              40739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              40750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              40705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              40614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              40603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              40580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              40590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              40656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             40624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             40619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             40615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             40662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             40684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             40773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              40192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              40192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              40192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              40192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              40124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              40064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              40064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              40064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              40066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              40120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             40080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             40094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             40076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             40093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             40129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             40192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.23                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    6623148750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3253625000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              18824242500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10178.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28928.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    587743                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   587238                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 650725                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                641965                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   650725                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   12883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   13680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   38377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   38456                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   38546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   38446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   38446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   38446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   38446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   38446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   38455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   38446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   38649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   38446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   38446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   38446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   38445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   38445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       117677                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     703.019961                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    522.614694                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    387.476087                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4843      4.12%      4.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        24218     20.58%     24.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5060      4.30%     29.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3867      3.29%     32.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5924      5.03%     37.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3936      3.34%     40.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4079      3.47%     44.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5015      4.26%     48.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        60735     51.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        117677                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        38445                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.925764                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.678117                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      42.052442                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          38444    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          38445                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        38445                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.697464                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.671128                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.948966                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             24766     64.42%     64.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               663      1.72%     66.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             12897     33.55%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               119      0.31%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          38445                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                41646400                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 41083776                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 41646400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              41085760                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        524.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        517.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     524.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     517.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    79462658000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       61470.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     41614144                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     41083776                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 405926.087977180548                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 523693783.433750629425                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 517019359.840363919735                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       650221                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       641965                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12942500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  18811300000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1912904327250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25679.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28930.63                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2979764.20                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             420081900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             223278825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2322092220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1674837000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      6272401200.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       18815409870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       14669137440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         44397238455                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         558.717675                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  37522628250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2653300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  39286813750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             420139020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             223305390                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2324084280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1676058480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      6272401200.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       18834100170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       14653398240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         44403486780                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.796307                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  37481011000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2653300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  39328431000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79462742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79462742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79462742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          4557436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              4557436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4557436                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             4557436                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         650301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             650301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        650301                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            650301                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51494324000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  51494324000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51494324000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  51494324000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      5207737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          5207737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      5207737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5207737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79185.368007                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79185.368007                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79185.368007                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79185.368007                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          649941                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                649941                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        650301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       650301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  50193724000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  50193724000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  50193724000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  50193724000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77185.371082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77185.371082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77185.371082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77185.371082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     650044                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        4552974                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            4552974                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       650144                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           650144                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51485808000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  51485808000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      5203118                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        5203118                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124953                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124953                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79191.391446                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79191.391446                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       650144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  50185522000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  50185522000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124953                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124953                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77191.394522                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77191.394522                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79462742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.749547                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 5205693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                650044                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.008216                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.749547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.999022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.999022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               5858037                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              5858037                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79462742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79462742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79462742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        650234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            650811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       650234                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           650811                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36228000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47591919000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  47628147000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36228000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47591919000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  47628147000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       650301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          650940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       650301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         650940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62786.828423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73191.987807                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73182.762738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62786.828423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73191.987807                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73182.762738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         649661                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               649661                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       650811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       650811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35074000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46291453000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  46326527000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35074000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46291453000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  46326527000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60786.828423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71191.990883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71182.765811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60786.828423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71191.990883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71182.765811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    650443                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       650234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           650811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36228000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47591919000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47628147000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       650301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         650940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62786.828423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73191.987807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73182.762738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       650811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46291453000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46326527000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60786.828423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71191.990883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71182.765811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       649941                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       649941                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       649941                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       649941                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79462742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.567075                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1300112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               650443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.061633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.360363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   511.145079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1951836                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1951836                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79462742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               650940                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              650939                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        649941                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1950542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1951820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     83215424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 83256320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3900645000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3251500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79462742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79462742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79462742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  79462742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                92736728000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  94642                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34200784                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   111328                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    73.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1253820168                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8234198                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.092737                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 92736728000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            308594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8234198                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4619                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     6084536                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         23723                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    10974936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         92736728                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   92736728                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1541954                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1226050                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       307453                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                5767047                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       5767047                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              5767559                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         793                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8245267                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8245267                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21063471                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1852325                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4604                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       6089139                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    6084535                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2156081     26.15%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4502      0.05%     26.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  318208      3.86%     30.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            5766327     69.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8246057                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    90                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       758916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        759420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       758916                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       759420                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29735000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47206582000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  47236317000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29735000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47206582000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  47236317000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       758928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       759505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       758928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       759505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.015873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62202.644298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62200.517500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.015873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62202.644298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62200.517500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       750660                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           750660                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       759420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       759420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28727000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45688750000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  45717477000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28727000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45688750000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  45717477000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.015873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60202.644298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60200.517500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.015873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60202.644298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60200.517500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                751228                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       758916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       759420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29735000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47206582000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47236317000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       758928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       759505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.015873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62202.644298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62200.517500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       759420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28727000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45688750000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45717477000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.015873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60202.644298                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60200.517500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       758356                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       758356                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       758356                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       758356                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         8143.951744                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1517861                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           759420                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998711                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.952808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8140.998936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          734                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2277281                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2277281                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         10974297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total             10974297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10974297                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total            10974297                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40639000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40639000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     10974936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total         10974936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     10974936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total        10974936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63597.809077                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63597.809077                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63597.809077                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63597.809077                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39361000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39361000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39361000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39361000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61597.809077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61597.809077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61597.809077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61597.809077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10974297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            10974297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40639000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40639000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     10974936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10974936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63597.809077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63597.809077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39361000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39361000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61597.809077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61597.809077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.916588                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                10974936                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   639                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs              17175.173709                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.916588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses              10975575                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses             10975575                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              759420                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             759420                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       750660                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2269500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2269500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2269500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     96645120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     96645120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                96645120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          4512720000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3996548250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        48570624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            48602880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     48042240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         48042240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           758916                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               759420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        750660                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              750660                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             347823                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          523747441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              524095265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        347823                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            347823                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       518049763                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             518049763                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       518049763                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            347823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         523747441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1042145028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    750660.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    758916.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000055902500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         44953                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         44953                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2249887                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              706923                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       759420                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      750660                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     759420                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    750660                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              47563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              47516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              47523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              47534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              47526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              47512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              47387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              47364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              47374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              47440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             47408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             47403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             47399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             47446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             47468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             47557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              46976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              46976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              46976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              46976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              46976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              46930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              46848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              46848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              46850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              46904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             46864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             46878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             46860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             46877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             46913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             46976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.28                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    7736883750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3797100000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              21976008750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10187.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28937.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    685891                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   686672                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 759420                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                750660                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   759420                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   15072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   16008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   44875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   44965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   45075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   44954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   44954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   44954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   44954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   44954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   44965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   44954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   45192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   44954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   44954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   44954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   44954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   44953                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       137484                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     702.933520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    522.560228                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    387.455498                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5653      4.11%      4.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        28297     20.58%     24.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5920      4.31%     29.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4511      3.28%     32.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6939      5.05%     37.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4596      3.34%     40.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4775      3.47%     44.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5874      4.27%     48.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        70919     51.58%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        137484                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        44953                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.893311                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.677659                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      38.891154                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          44952    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          44953                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        44953                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.698062                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.671710                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.949269                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             28946     64.39%     64.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               777      1.73%     66.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             15087     33.56%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               143      0.32%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          44953                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                48602880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 48040192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 48602880                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              48042240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        524.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        518.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     524.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     518.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    92736661000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       61411.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     48570624                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     48040192                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 347823.356459158240                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 523747441.251108169556                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 518027679.389335334301                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       758916                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       750660                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12942500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  21963066250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2236523866500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25679.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28940.05                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2979409.94                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             490696500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             260811375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2709594300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1958136840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      7320362400.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       21955135170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       17122368960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         51817105545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         558.754947                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  43796704250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   3096600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  45843423750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             490946400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             260940405                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2712664500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1960141320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      7320362400.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       21977172510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       17103811200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         51826038735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.851276                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  43747627750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   3096600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  45892500250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          5318301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              5318301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5318301                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             5318301                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         758995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             758995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        758995                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            758995                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60109389000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  60109389000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60109389000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  60109389000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      6077296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          6077296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      6077296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         6077296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79196.027642                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79196.027642                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79196.027642                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79196.027642                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          758636                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                758636                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        758995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       758995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58591399000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  58591399000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58591399000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  58591399000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77196.027642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77196.027642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77196.027642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77196.027642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     758739                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        5313839                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            5313839                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       758838                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           758838                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60100873000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  60100873000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      6072677                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        6072677                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124959                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124959                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79201.190504                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79201.190504                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       758838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58583197000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58583197000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124959                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124959                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77201.190504                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77201.190504                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.785395                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 6077296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                758995                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.007030                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.785395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.999162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.999162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               6836291                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              6836291                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        758928                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            759505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       758928                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           759505                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36228000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55554814000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  55591042000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36228000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55554814000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  55591042000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       758995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          759634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       758995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         759634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62786.828423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73201.692387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73193.780159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62786.828423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73201.692387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73193.780159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         758356                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               758356                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       759505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758928                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       759505                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35074000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  54036958000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  54072032000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35074000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  54036958000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  54072032000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60786.828423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71201.692387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71193.780159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60786.828423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71201.692387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71193.780159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    759138                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       758928                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           759505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36228000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55554814000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  55591042000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       758995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         759634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62786.828423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73201.692387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73193.780159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       759505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  54036958000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  54072032000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60786.828423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71201.692387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71193.780159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       758636                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       758636                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       758636                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       758636                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.629043                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1518270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               759650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998644                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.052811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.308782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   511.267449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2277920                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2277920                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               759634                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              759634                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        758636                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2276626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2277904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     97128384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 97169280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           4552814000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3794975000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  92736728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
